What musician formed a singing duo with Art Garfunkel in 1963?  True:  Paul Simon  pred:    The Carpenters

The Carpenters

The Carpenters


Who was housekeeper to Sherlock Holmes?  True:  Mrs Hudson  pred:   Who was housekeeper to Sherlock Holmes?
Who was housekeeper to Sherlock Holmes?

"Who was known as the ""Moses of her people"" for leading escaped slaves to freedom during the US Civil War?"  True:  Harriet Tubman  pred:   is one of a total of 100 questions about the people, places, and
What is the name of the convenience store operated by Apu on TVs The Simpson?  True:  Kwik-E-Mart  pred:   What is the name of the convenience store operated by Apu on TVs The Simpsons
What is the traditional beverage hoisted by the winners of the Indianapolis 500, a tradition that dates back to 1936?  True:  Milk  pred:   That was one of the questions non-Americans grappled with during a discussion on
"Who played the part of the tragic Jennifer Cavalleri in the 1970 film, ""Love Story""?"  True:  ALI McGRAW  pred:  "
Who played the part of the tragic Jennifer Cavalleri in the 197
The Japanese condiment wasabi is produced from what part of the the wasabi plant?  True:  Roots  pred:   A. shoots B. roots C. leaves D. roots and shoots
The
The third part of trilogy of Hobbit movies, released at the end of 2014, is called what?  True:  The Hobbit: The Battle of the Five Armies  pred:   The Lord of the Rings: The Battle of the Five Armies. The films
What is the state capital of the US state of New Jersey?  True:  TRENTON  pred:   1. Trenton 2. Buffalo 3. St. Louis
"What is the name of the feast day in the Western Christian calendar which occurs on 29 September to honour the defeat of Lucifer in the battle for the heavens, for which the traditional meal includes goose (a ""stubble-goose"", i.e. one prepared around harvest time)?"  True:  Michaelmas  pred:   ISBN 978-0-19-861452-4
One of the
Which British submarine sank the General Belgrano in the Falklands War  True:  HMS Conqueror  pred:  ?
Which British submarine sank the General Belgrano in the Falklands War?

Italy is divided into how many regions?  True:  20  pred:   A. 18 B. 8 C. 8 D. 6
Which Italian pasta's name means little spindles in English?  True:  Fusilli  pred:   1 answer below »
Which Italian pasta's name means little spindles in
"Sportscaster Jack Brickhouse who once said ""Any team can have a bad century"" provided play-by-play coverage of what American major league team's games from 1948 to 1981?"  True:  Chicago Cubs  pred:  Twenty-Five Trombones" was written by Richard Rodgers and Oscar Hammerstein II
Amr Shabana from Egypt is famous for playing which sport?  True:  Squash  pred:   1. Tennis 2. Football 3. Badminton 4
James A Michener wrote the stories upon which musical was based?  True:  South Pacific  pred:   Hint: The Producers is a 2005 American musical comedy film directed by
Ascorbic acid is usually known as what?  True:  Vitamin C  pred:   1. Pyridoxine 2. Pyridoxamine 3
When Alex Ferguson joined Manchester United on November 6th 1986, who was manager of Liverpool?  True:  KENNY DALGLISH  pred:  Wayne Rooney was born on 8th April 1985, who was
Which country is known as The Hashemite Kingdom?  True:  Jordan  pred:   Hint: It is located in the Middle East.
A. Egypt
B.
Which modern day country was known until 1981 as British Honduras?  True:  BELIZE  pred:   Hint: It is located in Central America on the Isthmus of Tehu
"Complete the title of this James Bond film: ""From Russia With ... """  True:  Love  pred:   1. What is the running time of the film? 2. In
A novel by General Lew Wallace published in 1880 was made into which films in 1926 (a silent movie) and 1959 (produced by William Wyler)?  True:  Ben Hur  pred:   Hint: The book is "Ben-Hur: A Tale of the Christ".

"What poem contains the words, ""...Water, water, everywhere, Nor any drop to drink..."" ?"  True:  The Rime of the Ancient Mariner  pred:   1. The quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog. 2.
May 4, 1904 saw the US begin construction the Canal, following the creation of the state of Panama from Columbian territory due to the iron backbone and bad-assed support of which US president?  True:  Theodore Roosevelt  pred:   Unfortunately, acquisition of the land was the easy part, acquisition of the canal was
In 1984, in Bophal, India, there was a leak of 30 tons of methyl isocyanate, which resulted in the deaths of 25,000 people. What American chemical company owned the plant where the leak occurred?  True:  UNION CARBIDE  pred:   (1 point)
A. FMC
B. DuPont
C.
What mythological beast has the head of a man, the body of a lion, and the tail and feet of a dragon?  True:  A manticore  pred:   Answer: the Chimera. In Greek mythology, the Chimera was king of
"Which 19th century Englishman went to New Zealand to be a sheep farmer, visited Canada, and wrote ""Erewhon"", ""A Psalm of Montreal"" and ""The Way of All Flesh""?"  True:  Samuel Butler  pred:  "
"Which 19th century Englishman went to New Zealand to be a
The name of which person born in Dublin is connected in English history with the locations of Vimiero, Talavera, Salamanca, Vittoria, Orthes and Waterloo?  True:  Duke of Wellington  pred:    The name of which person born in Dublin is connected in English history with the
The Freedom Cup is contested annually between the Rugby Union teams of New Zealand and which other country?  True:  SOUTH AFRICA  pred:   Hint: 1987 was the last time they met in a World Cup semi
Traditional Latin pluralization of Latin-originating words ending in 'us' is to replace the 'us' with?  True:  i  pred:   'illion' (decillion, centillion, etc.), together with the suffix
In April 1814 which King gained the French throne to begin the Bourbon Restoration?  True:  LOUIS XVIII  pred:   (a) Louis XVIII (b) Louis XVI (c) Louis XV
Which country produces the most of the world's olive oil?  True:  Spain  pred:   Which country produces the most of the world's olive oil?
Which country produces the
Which, then fictional, award is mentioned in the opening scene of the 1950 film ‘All About Eve’, starring Bette Davis?  True:  The Sarah Siddons Award  pred:   It is the Academy Award for Best Actress in a Leading Role.
What is the
What cereal crop is used to make single malt whisky in Scotland?  True:  Barley  pred:    The answer is barley or a blend of barley and rye.  Some
The Syrah grape variety makes wine that is?  True:  Red  pred:   tight and tannic, extractive and flowery, flowery and flow
John Sell Cotman was a leading member of which group of artists?  True:  NORWICH SCHOOL  pred:   1. Pre-Raphaelites 2. Pre-Raphaelite Brotherhood
Which 1987 US film was based on the 1985 French film ‘Trois hommes et un couffin’?  True:  THREE MEN AND A BABY  pred:   Hint: 1987 was the year the first Apple Macintosh goes on sale
Dame Ninette de Valois, the eminent ballet teacher, director, and founder of The Royal Ballet and Birmingham Royal Ballet, was born in which country?  True:  Ireland  pred:   1936
Dame Ninette de Valois, the eminent ballet teacher
What is the American word for a short-hand typist?  True:  Stenographer  pred:   1. bartender 2. parking attendant 3. valet 4
What dish, especially popular in parts of Wales and the English Midlands,  is traditionally made from pig's heart, liver and fatty belly meat or bacon minced together, with herbs added for flavouring and sometimes bread crumbs  True:  Faggots  pred:   or oatmeal. Good results can also be achieved with steak and kidney pie.
Which Football League club play their home games at Kingsmeadow, also known as the Cherry Red Records Stadium?  True:  AFC WIMBLEDON  pred:    The club currently plays in the National League, the fifth tier of English football
For which scientific discovery did Crick and Watson receive the 1962 Nobel Prize for Medicine?  True:  DNA structure  pred:   (1 point)
For which scientific discovery did Crick and Watson receive the
How was Moose the dog better known when he starred in a popular US sitcom?  True:  EDDIE  pred:   I was a big fan of The Bob Newhart Show when I was a kid
What company encourages you to "Think Outside the Bun"?  True:  Taco Bell  pred:   | What company encourages you to "Think Outside the Bun"?
What company encourages
Who won the World Professional Snooker Championship six times in the 1970s?  True:  Ray Reardon  pred:   Who won the World Professional Snooker Championship seven times in the 1980
Which bird is known in French as 'merle'?  True:  BLACKBIRD  pred:   It is a medium-sized passerine bird in the starling family, Sturn
What nation put the first manmade satellite in orbit, the 3 first man in space and the first woman in space?  True:  U.S.S.R  pred:   The United States of America called the Soviet Union, the Soviet Union called the United
"What type of clothing is a ""sou-wester""?"  True:  Hat  pred:   In this sentence, the word "sou-wester" is a superlative
What is the name of the seven-branched candelabra used in the Jewish religion?  True:  Menorah  pred:   A. candelabrum B. candelabrum C. candel
Who on TV is the Naked Chef  True:  Jamie Oliver  pred:  ?
Who on TV is the Naked Chef?
Who is the Naked Chef on TV
Willis-Ekbom disease is more commonly known as?  True:  Restless leg syndrome  pred:   (a) multiple sclerosis (b) lupus erythematosus (c
John Curtin became Prime Minister of which country in 1941?  True:  Australia  pred:   (a) Australia (b) Canada (c) New Zealand (d)
Who together with Vince Clarke, formed the pop duo 'Yazoo'?  True:  ALISON MOYET  pred:   1 answer below »
Who together with Vince Clarke, formed the pop duo '
"Which Latin phrase, that translates literally as ""under the rose"", means 'secretly' or 'in confidence'?"  True:  SUB ROSA  pred:    It is the Latin phrase "sub rosa", meaning "under the rose".
‘Ball tampering’ is an illegal activity associated with which sport?  True:  Cricket  pred:   (a) Basketball (b) Cricket (c) Netball (d)
Where exactly is the tallest habitable building located in the UK? It is 50 stories high with a height of 235 metres (771 feet) and was completed in 1991?  True:  CANARY WHARF  pred:   One of the tallest buildings in the world is the Burj Khalifa in Dubai
Which actress was voted Miss Greenwich Village in 1942?  True:  Lauren Bacall  pred:   (U.S. title: Miss Greenwich Village 1942)
According to the
Name Google's service launched in 2009 from which support was withdrawn in 2010, which offered 'next-generation email', messaging and twitter-style micro-blogging?  True:  Wave  pred:   A. LinkedIn B. LinkedIn C. LinkedIn D. LinkedIn E. LinkedIn

What is the main attraction at both Altamira and Lascaux?  True:  Cave paintings  pred:   What is the main attraction at both Altamira and Lascaux?
Are
In which country is the city of Maastricht?  True:  The Netherlands  pred:   Maastricht is located in the centre of the province of Limburg in
Which US TV series of the 1960's starring Ray Walston as 'Uncle Martin' and Bill Bixby, was remade in 1999 as a film starring Christopher Lloyd and Jeff Daniels?  True:  'MY FAVORITE MARTIAN'  pred:   Hint: it was based on a Harold Robbins novel.
What is the name of
In which year was the ten shilling note withdrawn in the UK following the introduction of the 50p coin ?  True:  1970  pred:   A) 1990 B) 1991 C) 1992 D
What name is given to the temperature of -273.15 degrees Celsius?  True:  ABSOLUTE ZERO  pred:   1. freezing point 2. boiling point 3. absolute zero
Robert Gordon Menzies was which country's longest-serving Prime Minister?  True:  Australia  pred:   (a) Australia (b) Austria (c) Canada (d) Denmark
A 'triskelion', a symbol consisting of three bent human legs is featured on the flag of which British crown dependency?  True:  Isle of Man  pred:   (a) Gibraltar (b) Guernsey (c) Jersey (d
In which North African country was Mohammed Al-Fayed, owner of Harrods department store in London, born?  True:  Egypt  pred:   1. Egypt 2. Morocco 3. Tunisia 4. Algeria
Bran Castle that is located on the border between Transylvania and Wallachia in Romania is marketed as the home of which sinister figure?  True:  Bram Stoker's Dracula  pred:   1. Vlad the Impaler 2. all of the above 3
The Recreation Ground, Kingsholm Stadium and the Memorial Ground are all English venues for which sport?  True:  Rugby Union  pred:    The Recreation Ground, Kingsholm Stadium and the Memorial Ground are all English venues
In the 18th Century, Russia led a coalition that defeated which country in the Great Northern War?  True:  Sweden  pred:   Hint: Its name is the Russian Empire.
In the 18th Century,
Used to describe US citizens who attempted to foment insurrections in Latin America in the mid-19th century, what is the term for someone who engages in an unauthorized military expedition into a foreign country to support a revolution?  True:  Filibuster  pred:   A. Generals
B. pilots
C. GIs
D.
Which motorway runs from Cambridge to London?  True:  M11  pred:   Which motorway runs from Cambridge to London?
Which motorway runs from Cambridge to
Which hero was the son of Zeus by Danae?  True:  Perseus  pred:   (2023)
1. Which hero was the son of Zeus by Danae
Jenny Shipley was the first female prime minister of which country?  True:  New Zealand  pred:   (a) New Zealand (b) Australia (c) Austria (d)
In which TV 'quiz' show was the consolation prize a chequebook and pen?  True:  Blankety Blank  pred:   despite the fact that the studio audience was laughing at the joke and the joke was
Who famously raised wages to $5/day so that his workers could afford the product they were producing?  True:  Henry Ford  pred:   But manufacture factories have traditionally been characterised by high efficiency and low labour costs.
Which 2007 Italian drama film directed by Daniele Luchetti is based on Antonio Pennacchi's novel?  True:  My Brother Is An Only Child  pred:   Hint: It was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film in
"What 1998 film diected by Peter Weir , was advertised with the tag line ""On The Air, Unaware""?"  True:  'THE TRUMAN SHOW'  pred:   (Compare with the tagline of the infamous Heaven's Gate had great resemblance.
Truax Field international airport is in which US state?  True:  Wisconsin  pred:   Hint: Its point of origin.
A. North Dakota
B. Oregon

Still on pigs. Which country rears 40% of the world's total of around 764 million pigs?  True:  CHINA  pred:  <|begin_of_text|>Question: Which country rears 40% of the world's total of
Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner became President of which South American country in December 2007?  True:  Argentina  pred:   (1) Argentina (2) Brazil (3) Chile (4) Uruguay
In 1929 Edwin Hubble formulated a law in his name which states (among other complexities) that what recede from an observer at a rate proportional to their distance to that observer?  True:  Galaxies  pred:    From then on, quasars were classed as the most distant
"Who painted ""Dedham Vale"" and ""The Valley Farm""?"  True:  (John) CONSTABLE  pred:   ISBN 978-0-9843165-1-9
One of
What type of creature is a cichlid?  True:  Fish  pred:   A cichlid is a type of fish belonging to the family Cichl
What type of animal is Baloo in the novel ‘The Jungle Book’ by Rudyard Kipling?  True:  Bear  pred:   Hint: Baloo is a crocodile.
What type of animal is Baloo
Which politician was born Goldie Mabovich?  True:  Golda Meir  pred:   Which politician was born Goldie Mabovich?
Which politician was born Goldie
What spirit is mixed with ginger beer in a Moscow mule?  True:  Vodka  pred:   Nowadays, liqueurs are slowly gaining a foothold in the entire genre of cocktails
Who was editor of Cosmopolitan magazine for 32 years and wrote the book 'Sex and the Single Girl?  True:  Helen Gurley Brown  pred:  '
Who was editor of Cosmopolitan magazine for 32 years and wrote the
Who was the last Briton to win the Nobel Prize for Literature?  True:  Doris Lessing  pred:   Who was the last American to win the Nobel Prize for Literature? Who was the
In which year was the Royal British Legion founded?  True:  1921  pred:   In which year was the Royal British Legion founded?
In which year was the Royal
Who is the only actress to win 4 Oscars for Best Actress?  True:  Katherine Hepburn  pred:   Who is the only actress to win 7 Oscars for Best Actress? Who is
Who played Saffron Monsoon in the UK television comedy series ‘Absolutely Fabulous’?  True:  Julia Sawalha  pred:   The actress who played Saffron Monsoon in the UK television comedy series ‘
Wayne Rooney scored his first senior goal against which club?  True:  Arsenal  pred:   Peterborough United
Wayne Rooney scored his first senior goal against which club?

Who sang the theme song in 9 to 5?  True:  Dolly Parton  pred:   Aug 11, 2014
Who sang the theme song in 9
In which battle did Harold II, the last Saxon king, lose his life?  True:  Battle of Hastings  pred:    The Battle of Hastings was fought on 14 October 1066 at the
Which was the only team that England did not beat in their qualifying campaign for the 2014 Soccer World Cup ?  True:  UKRAINE  pred:  <|begin_of_text|>definitely to date 2014 FIFA World Cup qualifying campaign for the
Which island was home to Odysseus?  True:  ITHACA  pred:   Hint: Its namesake is the Greek words for "monkey" and "monkey
In the 2005 remake of the film 'King Kong' who played the part of Ann Darrow, originally played by Fay Wray?  True:  Naomi Watts  pred:   1) Fay Wray 2) Fay Wray 3) Fay
Which patriotic Irving Berlin song includes the line  From the mountains to the prairie to the oceans white with foam ?  True:  God Bless AMERICA.  pred:  ?
Which patriotic Irving Berlin song includes the line  From the mountains to the pr
Wardenclyffe Tower in Shoreham, New York was designed by which genius who intended to showcase it for demonstrations of wireless power transmission?  True:  Nikola Tesla  pred:   Wardenclyffe Tower in Shoreham, New York was designed by which genius
Which Sheffield United player scored the first ever goal in English Premiership football?  True:  Brian Deane  pred:   Which Sheffield United player scored the first ever hat-trick in English Premiership football?
By what nickname was English serial killer and armed robber Donald Neilson known?  True:  The Black Panther  pred:   He was usually referred to as 'The Mouseman' presumably because of his permanent
What was the name of the boutique run by Malcolm McLaren and Vivienne Westwood at 430 King’s Road, London, between 1974 and 1976?  True:  Sex  pred:   It was owned by Barbara Hulanicki, rather than Westwood and McLaren
What Gaelic word which means 'bad ale' is given to an unlicensed Irish drinking house?  True:  Shebeen  pred:   Hint: Its dual pronunciations were immortalised in Ira Gershwin
The 1932 film ‘The Mask of Fu Manchu’ revolves around Fu Manchu’s quest for the sword and mask of which historical figure?  True:  Genghis Khan  pred:   1. several 2. several 3. one 4. none
In which US state was singer Bruno Mars born?  True:  Hawaii  pred:   1. Lancaster 2. Ohio 3. New Jersey 4.
Which event held in Alberta, Canada, which bills itself as The Greatest Outdoor Show on Earth, is a large festival, exhibition, and rodeo held for 10 days every summer in July, attracts more than 1.2 million visitors?  True:  The Calgary Stampede  pred:   A. Calgary Stampede B. Calgary Stampede C. Calgary Stampede D
The character 'James Bond' was created by Ian Fleming, but who wrote the book 'Zero Minus Ten' featuring 'James Bond'?  True:  RAYMOND BENSON  pred:   The character 'James Bond' was created by Ian Fleming, but who wrote the
What is the art of hand-making cricket bats called?  True:  Podshaving  pred:   What is the art of hand-making cricket bats called?
What is the art of
Nino Farina was the first world champion of what?  True:  Formula One  pred:   ;)
Nino Farina was the first world champion of what? ;)

"Who topped the U.K. charts for eleven successive weeks in 1955, with his version of the song ""Rose Marie""?"  True:  SLIM WHITMAN  pred:  "
"Who topped the U.K. charts for eleven successive weeks in 195
Used when making tea, and deriving from the Russian for 'self brewer', what name is given to the heated metal container traditionally used to heat and boil water in Russia, Iran and Turkey?  True:  SAMOVAR  pred:   It is filled with leaves while the tea is steeped, and then removed,
"Which 20th century English playwright wrote ""The Winslow Boy"" and ""Separate Tables""?"  True:  Terence Rattigan  pred:   is a questions and answers page for questions in the slang category. There are
What type of animal is a bonobo?  True:  Ape  pred:   The bonobo (Pan paniscus) is one of the great apes
A bird described as a 'palmiped' has which characteristic feature?  True:  Webbed feet  pred:   (a) an overall large size (b) an overall small size (c
Goliath is the name for a South American spider that eats what?  True:  Birds  pred:    Behavior
Goliath is the name for a South American spider that eats
Which 'Inn of Court' in London is missing - Lincoln's Inn, Inner Temple, Middle Temple and ........?  True:  GRAY'S INN  pred:  ?
Which 'Inn of Court' in London is missing - Lincoln's Inn
Which city is the ‘de facto capital’ of the European Union?  True:  Brussels  pred:    The answer is Rhine-Ruhr having approximately 11.5 million
The People Party, founded in Coventry in 1972, changed its name in 1975 and again in 1985. The party is represented in Parliament, the Lords and the European Parliament, how is it now known?  True:  The Green Party  pred:   1) The Labour Party 2) The Liberal Democrats 3) The
What was the name of Michael Jackson's autobiography written in 1988?  True:  Moonwalk  pred:   Hint: Its full title is "Moonwalk: The Autobiography of Michael
Regarded as its Nobel Prize, in what field is the annual Pritzer Prize awarded?  True:  ARCHITECTURE  pred:   1. Physiology or Medicine 2. Chemistry 3. Literature 4
Which poet wrote The Whitsun Weddings?  True:  Philip Larkin  pred:   1. William Wordsworth 2. Lord Byron 3. Lord T
What are the first four words of the Bible, as recorded in Genesis?  True:  IN THE BEGINNING GOD  pred:   Which one of the four horsemen of the Apocalypse rides a white horse? Which
In which capital city would you find Charles Bridge and Wenceslas Square?  True:  Prague  pred:   1) Prague 2) Prague 3) Prague 4) Prague
Who was the 2001 Wimbledon Women's Singles Champion?  True:  Venus Williams  pred:  Note: From 1968 to 2000, the Wimbledon Women's Singles
"What is the setting for the 1942 painting, ""Nighthawks"" by American artist, Edward Hopper?"  True:  A DINER  pred:   is available on a selection of T-shirts. Check them out and choose your favorite
Which Major League Baseball team plays its home games at Chase Field, built in 1992?  True:  Arizona Diamondbacks  pred:   Hint: It's not the Arizona Diamondbacks.
Which Major League Baseball team plays
Which former cabinet minister was debarred from Parliament because of irregularities in his 2010 election campaign for his Oldham East and Saddleworth constituency?  True:  PHIL WOOLAS  pred:    He was vice-chairman of the Conservative Party from 2010 to
In 2001, Dennis Tito paid a reported $20 million to be the first tourist to go where?  True:  Space  pred:  ` to the International Space Station. He was classed as a business traveller,
Rolf Harris recorded a 1964 single calling for which member of The Beatles ‘For President’?  True:  Ringo  pred:    (a) John Lennon  (b) Paul McCartney  (c)
Nomophobia is the fear of being without or losing what?  True:  Mobile phone  pred:   The fear of being without or losing what? The fear of being without or losing
Who lured sailors on the Rhine to their deaths with her singing?  True:  Lorelei  pred:    The sport of Cricket has been played in one form or another for over
Which actress played Queen Victoria in the 1970s TV drama Edward the Seventh?  True:  ANNETTE CROSBIE  pred:   1. Dame Wendy Hiller 2. Zoë Wanamaker
What holiday is particularly associated with Morris Dancing?  True:  WHITSUNTIDE  pred:   1. Easter 2. Christmas Day 3. Christmas Eve 4
Aung San Suu Kyi is a controversial leader in which country?  True:  Myanmar  pred:   1.
Aung San Suu Kyi is a controversial leader in which
How many squares does a Rubik’s Cube have on each side?  True:  9  pred:   Are there an infinite number of them?
Are there an infinite number of them?

What was the name of the IBM computer that defeated world chess champion Garry Kasparov in 1997?  True:  Deep Blue  pred:   1. Watson 2. Deep Blue 3. Deep Thought 4
Which racecourse hosts the Midlands Grand National in March each year?  True:  UTTOXETER  pred:   1) which racecourse hosts the Midlands Grand National in March each year?
Which country used to be called Southern Rhodesia?  True:  Zimbabwe  pred:   Which country used to be called Southern Rhodesia? Which country used to be called
The long distance train, 'The Canadian', travels between Toronto and which other city?  True:  VANCOUVER  pred:   Hint: Its Funyuns
The long distance train, 'The Canadian',
Which horse race is held at Churchill Downs?  True:  Kentucky Derby  pred:   The Kentucky Derby, the last leg of the Triple Crown, is a Grade I
Which book of the Old Testament explains how the festival of Purim came to be celebrated by the Jews?  True:  Esther  pred:   Hint
A. The Song of Songs
B. The Book of Esther

In what year did Kurt Waldheim become UN General Secretary; Bloody Sunday happened in Derry, NI; President Nixon visited China.  True:  1972  pred:   What was the Yom Kippur War (1973) – also known
Arkansas Black is a variety of which fruit?  True:  Apple  pred:   Hint: It is a vegetable.
A.  Apples
B.
Who won the 'Oscar' for Best Actress in the 1950's film'Born Yesterday'?  True:  JUDY HOLLIDAY  pred:   Who won the 'Oscar' for Best Actress in the 1950's
In 1337 which English king claimed the throne of France, precipitating the '100 Years War'?  True:  EDWARD III  pred:   (a) Edward III (b) Edward II (c) Edward I (
What country lies to north of the Republic of Chad?  True:  The State of Libya  pred:   Hint: It shares a border with the Democratic Republic of the Congo.
A.
The fortified wine drink Sherry is named after what town?  True:  Jerez  pred:   1. Cádiz 2. Jerez de la Frontera
What is the capital of the US state of Georgia?  True:  ATLANTA  pred:   A. Charlotte, North Carolina B. Atlanta, Georgia C. Augusta, Georgia
The Sharks face off against what gang in Leonard Bernsteins musical West Side Story?  True:  The Jets  pred:   1) The Jets 2) The Sharks 3) The Beetles
What is the name of the Police Chief in 'The Simpsons'?  True:  CHIEF Clancy WIGGUM  pred:   1 answer below »
What is the name of the Police Chief in "The
Who, in 2010, became the first batsman to score 200 runs in a limited overs international match?  True:  Sachin Tendulkar  pred:   Salman Butt scored 200 runs in a group match of the Twenty20 World Cup
Which Italian pasta's name means little spindles in English?  True:  Fusilli  pred:   1 answer below »
Which Italian pasta's name means little spindles in
What is the Milky Way?  True:  The local galaxy  pred:   The Milky Way is about 100,000 light-years in diameter and about
The Dardanelles and the Bosporus, straits which separate Europe from the mainland of Asia, run through which country?  True:  Turkey  pred:   (a) Germany (b) France (c) Scandinavia (d)
Which superhero film, produced by Marvel Studios and written and directed by Joss whedon, was the highest grossing film world-wide in 2012 ?  True:  THE AVENGERS  pred:   A) Hulk B) Iron Man 3 C) Thor: The Dark World
What character created by Robert Ludlum appeared in a film trilogy released between 2002 to 2007?  True:  Jason Bourne  pred:   The answer is Jason Bourne.
James Bond is one of the most recognisable
What name is given to the temperature of -273.15 degrees Celsius?  True:  ABSOLUTE ZERO  pred:   1. freezing point 2. boiling point 3. absolute zero
Who was Europe's captain in the 2008 Ryder Cup?  True:  Nick Faldo  pred:   The President of Great Britain and Ireland Colin Montgomerie’s name has been
Which type of roof is pitched at two different angles, the lower part being steeper than the upper?  True:  Mansard  pred:   A. ridge-post roof B. hip roof C. gable roof D.
Which of Henry VIII's wives died of septicaemia, just twelve days after giving birth?  True:  JANE SEYMOUR  pred:   (a) Catherine of Aragon (b) Anne Boleyn (c
"Who was known as ""The Waltz King""?"  True:  Johann Strauss  pred:   (Import)
"Who was known as ""The Waltz King""?" (
Which band released the 1970 album 'In the Wake of Poseidon'?  True:  KING CRIMSON  pred:   1. Genesis 2. Pink Floyd 3. Jethro T
Who made the 1995 album 'Jagged Little Pill' which sold 33 million copies?  True:  ALANIS MORISSETTE  pred:   Aug 11, 2016
Who made the 1995 album '
How many Rings of Power were there, in total?  True:  20  pred:   1, 2, 3, 4, 5,
By what first name is the wife of Tommy Beresford known in the Partners in Crime stories by Agatha Christie, recently adapted by BBC TV?  True:  TUPPENCE  pred:   Hint: Its name is part of the title of Poirot's part in
What is the traditional Maori greeting in which people press noses together?  True:  Hongi  pred:   What is the traditional Maori greeting in which people press noses together?
What is
What animal is traditionally seen in the branding of Fox's Glacier Mints?  True:  Polar Bear  pred:   Hint: Its genus name is Grampus.
What animal is traditionally seen in the
Which Dickens' novel features Mr Merdle, Edmund Sparkler and Tattycoram?  True:  Little Dorrit  pred:   (Choose all that apply.)
A. A Christmas Carol
B. Oliver Twist
Who's missing: Miss Scarlett, Mrs. White, Mr. Green, Mrs. Peacock, Professor Plum?  True:  Colonel Mustard  pred:   1) What Eurasian winged-fruit tortoiseshell salam
The 'Yid Army' are/were a gang of football hooligans who supported which London club?  True:  TOTTENHAM HOTSPUR  pred:    The 'Yid Army' are/were a gang of football hool
"Who painted ""Boy With a Pipe"" which, in May 2004, was sold for a record price of $104 million?"  True:  Picasso  pred:   ISBN 978-0-19-861452-4
One of the
Which group had a UK No.1 hit in 1983 with a cover version of Yazoo's Only You?  True:  The Flying Pickets  pred:   The Eurythmics)
A Clockwork Orange (1971)
Death
Forest Whitaker won the Oscar for Best Actor for his role in which 2006 film?  True:  THE LAST KING OF SCOTLAND  pred:   Hint: It is not The Last King of Scotland.
Forest Whitaker won the
Which wild life quiz show was hosted by Henry Kelly  True:  Monkey Business  pred:  ?
The Goon Show (1960 TV series)
The Goon Show (
This quiz is printed on A4 paper which has a length of 297mm. How wide, in millimetres, is A4 paper?  True:  210  pred:   A) 210mm B) 216mm C) 196mm D
Who played Aunty Entity' in the film 'Mad Max Beyond the Thunderdome'?  True:  Tina Turner  pred:   Who played   Aunty Entity' in the film 'Mad Max Beyond
The Dales Way is a path that runs from Bowness in Cumbria to which town in Yorkshire on the River Wharfe?  True:  ILKLEY  pred:    Bowness.

The Dales Way is a path that runs from B
What company makes Big Red and Juicy Fruit gum?  True:  Wrigley  pred:   2019-10-15
What company makes Big Red and Juicy
Which Tsar of Russia ruled from 1682-1725?  True:  Peter the Great  pred:   1. Catherine the Great 2. Peter the Great 3. Catherine
Typically, a male moose sheds its antlers how frequently?  True:  Every year  pred:   A. once a year B. once a month C. once a week D
A Colles fracture is in which part of the body?  True:  Wrist  pred:   A. hand B. wrist C. elbow D. hand and wrist
A
Accrington Stanley’s biggest league win was 8-0 in 1934 when they beat which club from the Wirral who were members of the Football League from 1923 until 1951?  True:  NEW BRIGHTON  pred:   Hint: matches were played on the Rutland Recreation Ground between 1930 and
What type of animal was Bambi's friend Flower?  True:  a Skunk  pred:   1. critter 2. critter 3. critter
Where in the UK did the Queen unveil a memorial to John F Kennedy in May 1965?  True:  Runnymede  pred:   The Queen placed a wreath on the Tomb of the Unknown Warrior at Westminster Abbey
"Which British comedian and actor played Dr Gregory House in the US TV series ""House""?"  True:  Hugh Laurie  pred:  "
Which British comedian and actor played Dr Gregory House in the US TV series ""
What city do Brummies come from?  True:  Birmingham  pred:   Following research into the numbers of people of ethnic origin living in Birmingham, a survey
Who is the current (Jan 2014) Secretary of State for Education?  True:  Michael Gove  pred:   The Secretary of State for Health and Social Care has overall responsibility for the business of
What make of car did Doc Brown turn into a time machine?  True:  DeLorean  pred:   Epic Rap Battles of History
What make of car did Doc Brown turn into a
Sanskrit is an ancient language of which modern day country?  True:  India  pred:   (a) Pakistan (b) India (c) Bangladesh (d) and
Albacore, bigeye and longtail are species of what type of fish?  True:  TUNA  pred:   1. shark 2. tuna 3. moray eel
"In the sentence ""Wherever he went, he carried the scratching cat, his eyes red."", what part of speech is ""his eyes red""?"  True:  Phrase  pred:   [closed]
In the sentence ""Wherever he went, he carried the scratching
How many US states border Lake Superior?  True:  3  pred:   Lake Superior is the largest freshwater lake in the world by surface area. It is
In music theory what is the relative minor chord of C major?  True:  A minor  pred:   1. A minor 2. E minor 3. F minor
Which model village did Samuel Greg build to house workers at his nearby Quarry Bank Mill?  True:  STYAL  pred:   (a) Marple (b) Nantwich (c) Nant
Which American resort is nicknamed 'Sin City'?  True:  Las Vegas  pred:   1. Las Vegas 2. Atlantic City 3. Myrtle Beach
Which is the smallest country in area in mainland Africa?  True:  Gambia  pred:   Which is the smallest country in South America? Which is the smallest country in Europe
Whose law states the “Supply creates demand”?  True:  Say’s Law  pred:   - WiseGeek
Whose law states the “Supply creates demand”? -
"The US TV series ""Mad Men"" centres around what industry or profession?"  True:  Advertising  pred:
A. Administration
B.  Marketing
C.
The International Bureau of Weights and Measures is based in which European country?  True:  France  pred:    The International Bureau of Weights and Measures is based in which European country?

Bill Gold whose most noted creations are for films as varied as Casablanca, A Clockwork Orange, Mystic River and The Sting is renowned for what type of work?  True:  Poster designs  pred:   1. live-action 2. animation 3. stop-motion 4
In the children’s television series ‘Fireball XL5’, what is the name of the robot co-pilot of XL5?  True:  Robert the Robot  pred:   1) C-3PO 2) R2-D2 3
What first name is shared by Turner Prize winning artists Wallinger and Leckey?  True:  MARK  pred:    The following table lists the names of the headliners who paid tribute to
Which cricketer wrote the autobiographical 'Coming Back To Me'?  True:  MARCUS TRESCOTHICK  pred:   Which cricketer wrote the autobiographical 'Coming Back To Me'?
F
A spoof of fraternal organizations such as the Masons, Shriners, Elks Club, or Moose Lodge, of what lodge was Fred Flintstone elected Grand Imperial Poobah?  True:  Loyal Order of Water Buffalo  pred:    The object of the game is to score as many points as possible in
"""Yabba dabba doo"" was a catch-phrase in which cartoon series?"  True:  The Flintstones  pred:  The New Adventures of Batman and Robin" begins one of the lead characters' adventures
Bandar Seri Begawan International airport is in which country?  True:  Brunei  pred:   1. Taiwan 2. Malaysia 3. Sri Lanka 4.
Which British Prime Minister married Clementine Hozier on September 12th 1908?  True:  WINSTON CHURCHILL  pred:   Which British Prime Minister married Clementine Hozier on September 12th
In which US state is the Innoko River?  True:  ALASKA  pred:   The Innoko River is a tributary of the Yukon River in the
Which 2009 film is a biopic of John Lennon?  True:  'NOWHERE BOY'  pred:   Hint: The part of John Lennon was played by Leonardo DiCaprio.
Which
What's the name of the intelligent talking horses in Swift's Gulliver's Travels ?  True:  HOUYHNHNMS  pred:   What's the name of the intelligent talking horses in Swift's Gulliver's
"Where would you find a ""plimsoll line""?"  True:  On a ship  pred:  "
Do you remember the card game "Plimsoll Line" (sometimes spelled
The name of which Spanish city is in the full title of Costa del Sol Airport?  True:  MÁLAGA  pred:    The name of which Spanish city is in the full title of Costa del Sol
In the West Indies, what is the collective name for Cuba, Hispaniola, Jamaica and Puerto Rico ?  True:  GREATER ANTILLES  pred:   A. The Bahamas B. The Panama Canal C. The Greater Antilles D
"A ""land run"" into which current state of the USA began at noon on 22 April 1889, when an estimated 50,000 people lined up to race to claim 160 acre (0.65 km2) pieces of the available 2 million acres (8,000 km)?"  True:  Oklahoma  pred:   (Harper's Weekly, 14 May 1889, p.
According to Greek myth, who built the labyrinth on Crete for King Minos?  True:  DAEDALUS  pred:   1480 BC
According to Greek myth, who built the labyrinth on Cre
Who gave Harry Potter his first kiss?  True:  Cho Chang  pred:   The full background of the Harry Potter fandom
Harry Potter is one of the most
Alan Bates played an escaped convict who was mistaken for the son of God in which 1961 film?  True:  Whistle Down the Wind  pred:   1. Khartoum 2. The Charge of the Light Brigade
What is the name of the spiritual leader of a community of Zen Buddhist monks?  True:  Roshi  pred:   Hint: Its family name is the same as the name of the Greek words for
Which was the first commercial jet airliner to go into service in the UK?  True:  COMET  pred:   Which was the first commercial jet airliner to go into service in the UK?

What is the capital of the U.S. state of Connecticut?  True:  Hartford.  pred:   A. Hartford B. Providence C. New Haven D. Memphis
A.
What was Britain called - before it was Britain?  True:  Albion  pred:   1485 AD
What was Britain called - before it was Britain?
What is the middle name of US actor Samuel L Jackson?  True:  Leroy  pred:   1 answer below »
What is the middle name of US actor Samuel L Jackson
On the banks of which river does the town of Kidderminster stand?  True:  RIVER STOUR  pred:   (a) River Severn (b) River Severn (c) River
What is the Pacific terminus of the Trans Siberian Railway?  True:  Vladivostok  pred:   Hint: Its point of origin is on the side of the Russian Far East ),
In the run up to the 1997 election, Tony Blair outlined his parties' three priorities for office, can you name them?  True:  Education, Education, Education  pred:   1. Mrs. Thatcher 2. unemployment 3. the unemployed

Which boy band consists of Niall Horan, Zayn Malik, Liam Payne, Harry Stiles and Louis Tomlinson?  True:  'ONE DIRECTION'  pred:   1) One Direction 2) 5 Seconds of Summer 3)
In the novel 'Treasure Island' name the pirate shot dead by Jim Hawkins in the rigging of the Hispaniola  True:  ISRAEL HANDS  pred:  .
In the novel 'Treasure Island' name the pirate shot dead by Jim
December 23, 1923 was the birthday of Vice Admiral James Stockdale, one of the most highly decorated officers in the history of the US Navy. He was also the running mate of what 1992 presidential candidate?  True:  H. Ross Perot  pred:   Richard Nixon unsuccessfully ran in 1960, 1968, 1972
What country singer's duets with Loretta Lynn ended when he died aged 59  True:  Conway Twitty  pred:  ?
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
What element is mixed with Iron to make cast iron?  True:  Carbon  pred:   (2023)
1. What element is mixed with Iron to make cast iron
What colour cat is a Russian Blue?  True:  Grey  pred:   | Monopoly | BoardGameGeek
What colour cat is a Russian Blue
From which song does this lyric come? 'She calls out to the man in the street, sir can you help me'?  True:  Another day in Paradise  pred:   It's the lyric from Sting's song 'If You Love Somebody Set Them Free
Who said, a man is only as old as the women he feels  True:  Groucho Marx  pred:   and obtains access to when it comes to this topic. Throughout the years, I
"Up to 1974, the title of ""Negus"" was used for the traditional rulers of what country?"  True:  Ethiopia  pred:   (a) Ethiopia (b) Eritrea (c) Somalia (d
The Fitzwilliam Museum is in which English city?  True:  Cambridge  pred:   The Fitzwilliam Museum is a museum of art and archaeology in Cambridge,
The main motto of which organisation is: 'Service Above Self'?  True:  ROTARY (International)  pred:   1. 2. 3. 4. 5.
'Roquefort Cheese' is made from what sort of milk?  True:  Ewe's Milk  pred:   Hint: It's made from pasteurized cow's milk.
'Roque
Who was US President immediately before and after Benjamin Harrison?  True:  Grover Cleveland  pred:   Who was US President immediately before and after Andrew Jackson? Who was US President immediately
Where woud you find a nave or an apse?  True:  in a Church  pred:    From the Romanesque cathedrals of the 12th
Which chemical element is represented by the symbol ‘Rn’?  True:  Radon  pred:   (a) chlorine (b) bromine (c) iodine (d
How is children's author Mary Pollock better known?  True:  Enid Blyton  pred:   She is the author of Winnie-the-Pooh, Corduroy,
What is the second most common gas in the atmosphere?  True:  Oxygen  pred:   (a) oxygen (b) nitrogen (c) carbon dioxide (d)
American Callan Pinckney's eponymously named system became a best-selling (1980s-2000s) book/video franchise in what genre?  True:  Fitness  pred:   (recommended for grades 9-12)
A.   law
B.
The principal author of the US Constitution and writer of over 1/3 of the Federalist Papers, which US President, the 4th, was CIC during the War of 1812?  True:  James Madison  pred:   Page 1 of 1
1. The principal author of the US Constitution
Which Parliamentary Act was abbreviated to DORA?  True:  Defence of the Realm Act  pred:   Which Parliamentary Act was abbreviated to DORA?
Which Parliamentary Act was abbreviated to D
Which Alan Bennett play features Cutlers Grammar School, Sheffield?  True:  THE HISTORY BOYS  pred:   Which Alan Bennett play features Cutlers Grammar School, Sheffield?
Which Alan Bennett play
"Which Welsh poet (e.g. ""Portrait of the Artist as a Young Dog"") wrote a play ""Under Milk Wood"" that was published posthumously in 1954?"  True:  Dylan Thomas  pred:   ISBN 978-0-19-861452-4
This is the
'The Castle of Otranto' often called the first gothic novel, was written in 1764 by whom?  True:  HORACE WALPOLE  pred:   1. English author Horace Walpole 2. American author Washington Irving
The character Sally Bowles appears in which film?  True:  Cabaret  pred:   1. Oliver! 2. Cabaret 3. The King and
Catoptromancy is the term for predicting the future using what object? Who's the fairest of them all!  True:  Mirror  pred:   Faster than a speeding bullet, more powerful than a locomotive, able to leap
In the King James Version, which eponymous book of the Old Testament follows 'Esther' and precedes 'Psalms'?  True:  'JOB'  pred:   Hint: Its name is not literal. Which of the four horsemen of the
In Egyptian myth who was the God of chaos and disorder?  True:  Seth  pred:   1.
In Egyptian myth who was the God of chaos and disorder?
In motoring terms, what can be an SU, a Weber, or a Zenith?  True:  CARBURETTOR  pred:   Well, let’s start with some basics. An SU engine is a twin-c
The name of which island is thought to come from the Norse for 'puffin island'?  True:  LUNDY  pred:   (a) Jura (b) St Kilda (c) St K
"Which composer, born in Grenoble in 1803 wrote ""Benvenuto Cellini"", the first of his three operas?"  True:  HECTOR BERLIOZ  pred:  "
"Which composer, born in Grenoble in 1803 wrote ""Ben
What notable vastly wealthy Budapest-born financier announced his retirement from managing external investment funds in 2011?  True:  George Soros  pred:   (U.S. News & World Report)
According to 2011 survey,
The American journalist Ida Tarbell is known for her expose of the corrupt practices of which giant company? John D. Rockefeller probably hated her!  True:  Standard Oil  pred:   1. Wall Street 2. Wall Street 3. Wall Street
Which ex Prime Minister died at his home in Hawarden in 1898?  True:  GLADSTONE  pred:   (a) William Gladstone (b) William Ewart Gladstone (c
What is the state capital of Ohio  True:  Columbus  pred:  ?
A. Cincinnati
B. Cincinnati
C. Cincinnati
D. Columbus
What nationality was three time Olympic gold medallist in figure skating Sonja Henie?  True:  Norwegian  pred:   She was born in 1912 in Larvik, Norway. She never married
The German's called it the Siegfried Line, what did the allies call it?  True:  THE HINDENBERG LINE  pred:   The Battle of the Bulge 1944
The Battle of the Bulge
What is the capital of the U S state of Pennsylvania?  True:  Harrisburg  pred:   A. Harrisburg B. Philadelphia C. Nashville D. Pittsburgh
A.
What was the name of Ian McEwan's Booker Prize winning novel of 1998?  True:  Amsterdam  pred:   1) On Chesil Beach 2) Atonement 3)
Eventually a newspaper photographer for the Daily Bugle, what is the alter ego of Spiderman?  True:  Peter Parker  pred:   1. Iron Man 2. Green Goblin 3. Iron Man
Astana is the capital of which country?  True:  Kazakhstan  pred:   Hint: It is located in Central Asia.
A. Kazakhstan
B. North
What is the first name of Irish singer Van Morrison?  True:  George  pred:   What is the first name of Irish singer Van Dyke Parks? What is the
Which indigenous people call their country Aotearoa?  True:  Maori  pred:   1. Māori 2. Maori 3. Maori
What is the capital of Belize called?  True:  BELMOPAN  pred:   The capital of Belize is Belmopan.
What is the time zone in
What is the title of William Shakespeare’s shortest play?  True:  The Comedy of Errors  pred:   The Two Gentlemen of Verona
What is the title of William Shakespeare’s
Which was the first of the Mr. Men characters to be created by cartoonist Roger Hargreaves?  True:  MR TICKLE  pred:   (Choose all that apply.)
A. Mr. Benn
B. Mr.
Rugby League - which country are the current holders of the European Cup?  True:  WALES  pred:   - The Independent
Rugby League - which country are the current holders of
Who was Wolfe’s opposing French general who died with him on the Plains of Abraham?  True:  Montcalm  pred:   Hint: He saw action in the Battle of Long Island in 1776.
A colony of Britain until 1956, with the capital city of Khartoum, the south of what African country became an independent state in July 2011?  True:  Sudan  pred:   The Nilotic people of South Sudan—the Nuer, Dinka, Shill
"Which American country singer, the younger sister of singer Loretta Lynn, had 18 #1 country hits during the 1970s and 1980s, and is best known for a series of country-pop crossover hits including ""Don't It Make My Brown Eyes Blue""?"  True:  Crystal Gayle  pred:  "
"Which American country singer, the younger sister of singer Loretta Lynn
The father of three 'Peter Griffin' is the title character of which American animated TV series?  True:  'FAMILY GUY'  pred:   Hint: Two of the lead characters' names are a reference to the Statue of
What element is the main constituent of anthracite?  True:  CARBON  pred:   (a) carbon (b) phosphorus (c) nitrogen (d)
Which hit for 'Wet Wet Wet' was the biggest-selling single in Britain in 1994?  True:  'LOVE IS ALL AROUND'  pred:   1)Love Is All Around 2)Goodnight Girl 3)
What is the Japanese word for the sash worn as a belt in traditional dress (kimonos and martial arts uniforms, etc)?  True:  Obi  pred:   I can't find the word in the dictionary at all.
Are you looking for
What name was collectively given to the sons of Poseidon, who dwelt with him at the bottom of the sea?  True:  Tritons  pred:   (http://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Levitic
What type of building is likely to have a minaret?  True:  Mosque  pred:   1. good graphic design 2. 3. 4.
Where is the Headquarters of Boeing?  True:  SEATTLE  pred:   Faster! Faster! Faster! Faster! Faster! Faster! Faster! Faster!
Oil from oil wells was first used for what?  True:  Evaporate brine to produce salt  pred:   Hint: It was used to make Vaseline.
A. It was used to
Who created the Star Wars series of films?  True:  George Lucas  pred:   The answer is Star Wars creator Irvin Kershner. Kershner's
Which is the only mammal of the order Proboscidea?  True:  ELEPHANT  pred:   Which is the only mammal of the order Proboscidea?
Which is the
What is the minimum number of points needed to win a tiebreak in tennis, such as in the Hopman Cup for mixed doubles, on the ATP and WTA tours for doubles and sometmes in USTA league play?  True:  10  pred:   I can't seem to find the answer to this question because I can't find
Which singer picked up three Ivor Novello awards in May, including songwriter of the year for her hit single, The Fear?  True:  Lily Allen  pred:   This is not Miley Cyrus. This is Guns N’ Roses's Axl
"Which British actress won this year's U.S. Emmy award for best actress for her role in the drama series ""Mildred Pierce""?"  True:  KATE WINSLET  pred:  "
A. Natalie Portman
B. Meryl Streep
C.
Traditional Latin pluralization of Latin-originating words ending in 'us' is to replace the 'us' with?  True:  i  pred:   'illion' (decillion, centillion, etc.), together with the suffix
In which country would you traditionally see a settlement called a Kibbutz?  True:  Israel  pred:   1. Egypt 2. Jordan 3. Israel 4. Palestine
Who painted Girl with a Pearl Earring?  True:  Johannes Vermeer  pred:   Who painted Girl with a Pearl Earring?
Who painted Girl with a Pearl E
What Missouri town calls itself the “Live Music Show Capital of the World”?  True:  Branson  pred:   Aug. 17, 2012
Des Moines, Iowa, is one
Cut, colour, clarity and carat are all considered when purchasing what?  True:  Diamonds  pred:   This is of the utmost importance when it comes to gemstones and the physical characteristics
In what decade was Darwin's 'On the Origin of Species' first published?  True:  1850s  pred:   Hint: Its full title was On the Origin of Species by Means of Natural Selection
The Greek architect Konstantinos Apostolos Doxiadis is best remembered for designing which Asian capital city?  True:  ISLAMABAD  pred:   (a) Bangkok (b) Buenos Aires (c) Kagoshima (
Toussaint Louverture was the founding father of what country?  True:  Haiti  pred:   1. Haiti 2. France 3. France and Haiti 4
What was the name of the driver of the mail train robbed by the great train robbers  True:  Jack Mills  pred:  ?
What was the name of the driver of the mail train robbed by the great
Which of Puccini's operatic characters commits suicide with her father's sword?  True:  'MADAME BUTTERFLY'  pred:   1. Calaf in Turandot 2. Pinkerton in Mad
What was the former name of the British Green Party?  True:  Ecology Party  pred:   What was the former name of the British Green Party?
What was the former name
Benina international airport is in which country?  True:  Libya  pred:   1. Tunisia 2. Egypt 3. Libya 4. Algeria
For which trade is Saville Row best known?  True:  Tailoring  pred:   Saville Row is one of the most famous fashion streets in the world and is
Which actress married Dennis Quaid on Valentine's Day in 1991?  True:  Meg Ryan  pred:   Keeping Up with the Kardashians star Kourtney Knowles Katherine Heigl
"Which composer wrote the musical for the 18th-century opera, ""Idomeneo""?"  True:  Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart  pred:   (from The Rodgers and Hammerstein Songbook) is a song written by Richard
Which motorcycle company introduced the Jet Ski in 1972?  True:  Kawasaki  pred:   Hint: Its name is the same as the name of cities around the world.

What is the common name for Hydrocephalus, a pathological condition whereby fluid is retained within the skull?  True:  Water on the brain  pred:   1.Congenital diaphragmatic hernia 2.Kidney
What is the name of the German magazine which claimed in 1983 to have found Hitler's diaries?  True:  Stern  pred:   Hint: Its full title is called The International Jew, the World's Foremost
What name is given to the road junction in North Yorkshire, where the Al meets the A66?  True:  SCOTCH CORNER  pred:   1. Thirsk 2. Middleham 3. Boroughbridge
The ancient symbol the fylfot, is more controversially commonly known as (what?), derived from Sanskrit 'wellbeing', from 'su' (good) and 'asti' (being)?  True:  Swastika  pred:   These two terms are mentioned in the Rig Veda, as well as in the
"The three actors who played guitar in the band in the film ""Spinal Tap"" got together again as a folk trio ""The Folksmen"" in which film?"  True:  A Mighty Wind  pred:  "
World Population Since 1950
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The world's
Tomorrow marks the 109th anniversary of which great American taking the reins of the presidency following the death of William McKinley?  True:  Theodore Roosevelt  pred:   Hint: Its Ford claimed the presidency following the assassination of President William McKinley.

Hansen's Disease is better known as what?  True:  Leprosy  pred:   Hint: It belongs to the organism genus Corynebacterium.
A.
What does a costermonger sell?  True:  Fruit  pred:   1. cabbages 2. apples 3. pumpkins
What was Walter Matthau's first movie?  True:  The Kentuckian  pred:   What was Walter Matthau's first movie?
What was Walter Matthau's first
Which firework is said to be named after an instrument of torture on which a saint is said to have been martyred?  True:  Catherine Wheel  pred:   Hint 1
Which firework is said to be named after an instrument of
Which operatic heroine dies by throwing herself from the Castel Sant’Angelo in Rome?  True:  TOSCA  pred:   What is the running length of the first act of Romeo and Juliet? In which
What name is given to the study of insects ?  True:  ENTOMOLOGY  pred:   1. biology 2. zoology 3. entomology
"What movie featured the song ""The Time Warp""?"  True:  The Rocky Horror Picture Show  pred:   is a song from the 1975 film "The Rocky Horror Picture Show"
Who had parts in ‘St. Elmo’s Fire’, ‘About Last Night …’ and ‘Wayne’s World’?  True:  ROB LOWE  pred:   That’s not Meryl Streep, Meryl Streep, Meryl Stre
August 2, 1990 saw Iraq invading what country, sparking a series of events that culminated in the 1st Gulf War?  True:  Kuwait  pred:   A. Saudi Arabia B. Kuwait C. Syria D. Saudi Arabia and Kuwait
In what game do you score a point for having His Nobs or His Nibs?  True:  Cribbage  pred:   Are they all the same? Were they only meant to be used once?<|begin_of_text|>
Which Frenchman, who never learned to speak Swedish, became King Charles XIV John of Sweden and Norway?  True:  Jean Baptiste Bernadotte  pred:   Hint: He was not heretofore heretofore heretof
What is the more common term for the affliction called epistaxis the occurrence of which suggests sexual arousal in Japanese manga and anime?  True:  Nosebleed  pred:   What is the more common term for the affliction called epistaxis the occurrence
For a point each, name the animals mentioned in the opening verse of that classic 1876 song Home on the Range  True:  Buffalo, Deer, Antelope  pred:  . 1. 2. 3. 4. 5.
"According to the song lyrics where can ""you check out any time you like, but you can never leave""?"  True:  HOTEL CALIFORNIA  pred:   The song "You Found Me" by The Fray was released in 200
Replacing the unofficial E. Pluribis Unum, what phrase did the US adopt as its' national motto on July 30, 1956?  True:  In God we trust  pred:   A. SEMPER FIDELIS (always faithful) B. PEACE
The melody for which famous song was written by sisters and school teachers Patty and Mildred Hill in Kentucky in 1893?  True:  Happy Birthday  pred:   Hint: Its Scots-Irish heritage cannot be overstated.
The melody for which
What was the first British football team to win the European Cup?  True:  Celtic  pred:   What was the first British football team to win the European Cup?
What was the
John Chapter 11 Verse 35 is the shortest verse in the Bible. How many words make up the verse?  True:  Two  pred:   Which old English word makes up the final word of the verse? What kind of
Who does Emilio Estevez play in the 1988 film ‘Young Guns’?  True:  Billy the Kid  pred:   1988s Young Guns is a film directed by Emilio Estevez and
Which constituency did Harold Macmillan represent when he was Prime Minister?  True:  BROMLEY  pred:   1480 general election, 1964–1970
Which constituency did
From the Greek words for dry and plant what word is given to a plant that has adapted to survive in an environment with little available water?  True:  Xerophyte  pred:   1. plant 2. plant 3. plant 4. plant
What is the longest river in Canada?  True:  Mackenzie River  pred:   (2023)
1. What is the longest river in Canada?
2.
In which European country is the HQ of the food company, Nestle ?  True:  SWITZERLAND  pred:   1. Australia 2. France 3. Germany 4. Italy
What was the name of the family in the 1960s TV series `Upstairs Downstairs'?  True:  BELLAMY  pred:   [closed]
What was the name of the family in the 1960s
Taphephobia is the abnormal fear of being what?  True:  Buried alive  pred:   1. gone 2. dead 3. misplaced 4. misplaced
"Which actress played the Bond Girl, ""Solitaire"" in the film ""Live and Let Die""?"  True:  Jane Seymour  pred:  "
"Which actress played the Bond Girl, ""Solitaire"" in the film
Who is featured on Puff Daddy's Can't Hold Me Down?  True:  Mase  pred:   Who is featured on Puff Daddy's "Can't Hold Me Down"?

Mark Bolland is the current Dutch born CEO of which retail chain?  True:  Marks & Spencer  pred:   1. Sunglass Hut 2. Sunglass Hut 3. Sung
Which is the largest borough in New York City?  True:  Queens  pred:   1. Queens 2. Brooklyn 3. Manhattan 4. Staten
"Who developed the men's scent ""I Am King"", which was first marketed in February 2009?"  True:  Sean Combs  pred:  Twenty-Four Hours from Tulsa" is a song written by Nik Kershaw
What planets orbit takes it the furthest away from the sun?  True:  Neptune  pred:   1. Mercury 2. Venus 3. Earth 4. Mars
Just north of Bolton, on which English motorway will you find Rivington Services?  True:  M61  pred:   Designed by Sir Giles Gilbert Scott and completed in 1938, the service station
Which is the only country on mainland Europe to be in the same time zone as the UK?  True:  Portugal  pred:   Which is the only country on mainland Europe to be in the same time zone as
Who was the British Admiral who died in 1707 when four of his ships were wrecked in the Scilly Isles?  True:  Sir Cloudesley Shovell  pred:   (a) Edward Vernon (b) Sir George Rooke (c) Sir
In Greek mythology, who were Arges, Brontes and Steropes?  True:  Cyclopes  pred:   They were daughters of the Titans Rhea and Cronus, and sister to the
Which country, formerly known as Pleasant Island, is the smallest island country in the world?  True:  NAURU  pred:   Hint: It is not Iceland.
A. Fiji
B. Fiji
C
To within five years either way, in which year was the Boy Scout movement founded by Robert Baden-Powell?  True:  1907  pred:   A. 1911 B. 1912 C. 1913 D
Who presents the new BBC documentary Science Britannica?  True:  Professor Brian Cox  pred:   The film tells the history of science in Britain from the early 1700s
Miami Beach in Florida borders which ocean?  True:  Atlantic  pred:   1. Atlantic Ocean 2. Gulf of Mexico 3. Caribbean Sea
Which modern-day country staged the sailing events for the 1980 Moscow Olympics?  True:  Estonia  pred:   Hint: It's not the United States.
In October 1980, the
If you had a seal point and/or a blue point, what breed of cat do you have?  True:  Siamese  pred:   If you had a colored point and/or a yellow point, what breed of cat
What organisation was formed in 1670 when King Charles II of England granted a charter to Prince Rupert and others to give them large tracts of land and the trading rights over a large area?  True:  Hudson's Bay Company  pred:   (a) The Somers Isles Company (b) The Somers Isles Company
Which sculptor's works include St Michael's Victory over the Devil at Coventry Cathedral and Jacob and the Angel?  True:  JACOB EPSTEIN  pred:   (Choose all that apply.)
A. contemporaries Henry Moore and Barbara Hepworth
Italian brothers Francesco and Edoardo Molinari play what sport?  True:  Golf  pred:   I know life is full of cans, not can’ts, not can’t
Which town was the birthplace of David Garrick?  True:  HEREFORD  pred:   Hint: It is on the island of Malta.
A. Acre
B
How is the number 14 written in Roman numerals?  True:  XIV  pred:   Read on to learn how to write the number 14 in Roman numerals.

By what name is singer 'Anthony Dominic Benevetto' better known?  True:  Tony Bennett  pred:   Edit
Anthony Dominic Benevetto, better known by his stage name Charlie She
Who painted The Luncheon of the Boating Party in 1881?  True:  Pierre-Auguste Renoir  pred:   The identity of Van Gogh's The Luncheon of the Boating Party is
In Greek mythology, Tiresias disclosed the crimes of who?  True:  Oedipus  pred:   1. Heracles 2. Deucalion 3. Theseus
"""Holding Back the Years"", was a US No 1 hit record for which British pop group?"  True:  SIMPLY RED  pred:   Dusty Springfield" in 1967. It was written by Bill Martin and
Followers of what cult leader committed mass suicide by drinking Flavor-Ade?  True:  Jim Jones  pred:   The answer is simple... KA-CHING! Well, it's not so
Benina international airport is in which country?  True:  Libya  pred:   1. India 2. Indonesia 3. Saudi Arabia 4.
Which city is the headquarters of the Mormon church  True:  Salt Lake City  pred:  ?
A. Salt Lake City, Utah
B. Provo, Utah

Who played the part of Tony Wilson in the film '24 Hour Party People'?  True:  STEVE COOGAN  pred:   Who played the part of Tony Wilson in the film '24 Hour Party People'?
Which type of fish is used to make an Arbroath Smokie?  True:  Haddock  pred:    The Arbroath Smokie in the United Kingdom is made from haddock
In Greek mythology, what was the name of the nymphs who tended the garden from where Heracles stole golden apples?  True:  Hesperides  pred:   (Greek mythology
In Greek mythology, what was the name of the nymphs
The German company Recaro famously produces what high-performance product?  True:  Seats  pred:   The Soviet Union had by far the largest Volgograd Hydroelectric Power Station,
Gwyl San Steffan is the name for 26th December (St Stephen's Day or Boxing Day) in which country?  True:  Wales  pred:   26th December (St Stephen's Day or Boxing Day) is a public
Which legendary sunken land lies off the Isles of Scilly, to the south-west of Cornwall?  True:  Lyonesse  pred:    The Isles of Scilly are an archipelago off the coast of Cornwall
In what year did Captain Matthew Webb become the first to swim the English Channel?  True:  1875  pred:   1914
In what year did Captain Matthew Webb become the first to swim
Which 'Smokey' Robinson hit took 'Japan' to number nine in 1982?  True:  'I SECOND THAT EMOTION'  pred:   Aug. 17, 2012
Displaying 1-10 of
Whose portrait (apart from the Queen) appeared on the now defunct one pound note?  True:  ISAAC NEWTON  pred:   (U.K.)
Are you sure it was a portrait? Are you sure it
In which part of the body will you find the 'Ligamentum nuchae'?  True:  The Neck  pred:   1. The arm 2. The leg 3. Tongue
Who founded the TV production company 'David Paradine Productions'?  True:  DAVID FROST  pred:   Who stepped down as CEO of the company in 2005? What is the
"Which political philosopher wrote ""The Theory of Moral Sentiments"" and ""An Inquiry into the Nature and Causes of the Wealth of Nations""?"  True:  Adam Smith  pred:   1. Samuel Johnson 2. Adam Smith 3. John Stuart Mill
Which Scottish percussionist born in 1965 has been deaf since the age of 12?  True:  Evelyn Glennie  pred:   Which Scottish percussionist born in 1965 has been deaf since the age of
What term describes a vertical stone bar separating the panes of a window, often found in Gothic architecture ?  True:  MULLION  pred:   1. hall 2. jamb 3. windowsill 4
What is in a human's thoracic cavity?  True:  Lungs  pred:   WiseGEEK
What is in a human's abdominopelvic cavity
G-BOAG, G-BOAC, and F-BVFC and the tragic F-BTSC designated what iconic 20thC invention?  True:  Concorde  pred:   1480 AD
G-BOAG, G-BOAC, and
What country is the world's largest producer of Tobacco?  True:  China  pred:   Hint: It's not the United States.
A. Ecuador
B. Monaco
The popular 'Humming Chorus' comes from which Puccini opera?  True:  Madame Butterfly  pred:   1. La bohème 2. Tosca 3. Madama
US veterinary pathologist Daniel Salmon (1850-1914) oversaw the discovery of what, named eponymously?  True:  Salmonella  pred:   Salmonella typhimurium
A
B
C
D

Who first hosted Family Feud?  True:  Richard Dawson  pred:   BoardGameGeek
Who first hosted Family Feud? BoardGameGeek
In which town is the Octagon Theatre?  True:  Bolton  pred:   Today’s question is a tongue-in-cheek review of the Octagon Theatre,
Who in 1845, wrote the poem 'The Pied Piper of Hamlin'?  True:  ROBERTBROWNING  pred:   Hint: The Pied Piper of Hamelin was a character created by Charles Perrault
What claimed the life of singer Kathleen Ferrier?  True:  Cancer  pred:   (Imported)
Displaying 1 to 16 (of 16 products
In which film does Dustin Hoffman play Enrico Salvatore (Ratso) Rizzo?  True:  MIDNIGHT COWBOY  pred:   In which film does Dustin Hoffman play Enrico Salvatore (Ratso)
"Which outdoor game is won by ""pegging out"  True:  Croquet  pred:  ?
A. Monopoly
B. Football
C. Baseball
D.
First put on sale last week, Decision Points, currently ranked #1 in books on Amazon.com, is a memoir by what politician?  True:  George W. Bush  pred:   George W. Bush brought to the White House in 2001, and was
Which coral atoll, the largest island in the Chagos Archipelago, was forcibly depopulated in 1971 to make way for a joint UK/USA military base?  True:  DIEGO GARCIA  pred:   Hint: Its sovereignty is disputed by Mauritius and Seychelles.<|end_of_text|><|end_of_text|>
What type of food dish is a ‘London Particular’?  True:  Soup  pred:   This is a traditional English dish that can be served for breakfast, lunch or dinner
Which National Trail runs for 268 miles from Edale to Kirk Yetholm?  True:  Pennine Way  pred:   Which National Trail runs for 268 miles from Edale to Kirk Yethol
What is the term for the thousands of rocky or icy bodies orbiting the sun between Jupiter and Mars?  True:  Asteroid Belt  pred:   A. Terrestrial planets B. Giant planets C. Dwarf planets D. Gas
The home row for what keyboard layout is (from left to right) aoeuidhtbs-?  True:  Dvorak  pred:   "Pack my box with five dozen liquor jugs" is a loan word from
Which American played in his 10th Ryder Cup in 2014?  True:  PHIL MICKELSON  pred:  <|begin_of_text|>Question: Which American played in his 10th Ryder Cup in 201
In which European city is Kurtfurstendamm the main shopping street?  True:  BERLIN  pred:   In which European city is Kurtfurstendamm the main shopping street?
Posted
Who was the Whig Prime Minister of Great Britain from 1835 to 1841?  True:  VISCOUNT MELBOURNE  pred:   Who was the Whig Prime Minister of Great Britain from 1835 to
Who founded the 'London Philharmonic Orchestra' in 1931?  True:  Sir Thomas Beecham  pred:   Hint: the first Promenade Concert was held on 8 May 1931
Who became BBC Radio One Breakfast Show presenter in June 1973?  True:  Noel Edmonds  pred:   Louis Theroux
Who became BBC Radio One Breakfast Show presenter in June 197
The lead singer of which band is known as Suggs?  True:  Madness  pred:   1 Answer
The lead singer of which band is known as Suggs
Name the year: The Macintosh is introduced, Louisiana hosted the last World’s Fair to be held in the US, Vanessa Williams resigns her Miss America crown, Band Aid records the song “Do They Know It’s Christmas” for famine relief, Union Carbide wipes out a good chunk of Bhopal, India  True:  1984  pred:  , Andrew Lloyd Webber’s The Phantom of the Opera opens on Broadway at the
In which river is the Boulder Dam?  True:  Colorado  pred:   1. The Colorado River 2. The Grand Canyon 3. The
Who is the Greek God of War?  True:  ARES  pred:   Who is the Greek God of War?
Who is the Greek God of War?

Following the break-up of The Beatles, what was the title of George Harrison's first solo album?  True:  All Things Must Pass  pred:   Hint: Its predecessor was nothing like the Beatles' Sgt. Pepper's Lonely Hearts
In which English cathedral is the tomb of King John?  True:  Worcester  pred:   1) Westminster Abbey 2) Canterbury Cathedral 3) York Minster
Who did the British fight at the Battle of Rorke's Drift in 1879?  True:  Zulus  pred:   Hint: It was not the Zulus.
In 1879, the British
O UGLY NINE is an anagram of which singer songwriter?  True:  Neil Young  pred:    Lucinda Williams.  From 1991 to 1993
Of all the rugby teams to have participated in the 2008- 2009 Guinness Premiership, which team is furthest west?  True:  BRISTOL  pred:   Which team is furthest east? Which team is furthest north? Which team
What product invented by Frederick Walton in 1864 became so widely used and 'stepped on' that the name became generic just 14 years after its invention?  True:  Linoleum  pred:   (a) The First World War (b) The Second World War (c
Chesney Allen formed a double act with which famous entertainer?  True:  Bud Flanagan  pred:   1960s: In 1963, Chesney Allen formed a double
What was abolished by the Supreme Court in 1972, but reinstated in 1976?  True:  Death Penalty  pred:   (U.S. naturalization requirements)
What was abolished by the Supreme Court in
Rolls Royce dashboards are traditionally finished in the veneer of which type of wood?  True:  Walnut  pred:   Hint: Its too late in the morning for a bread roll
Posted on

Which Scottish University was established as the world's first Mechanics Institute in 1821 ?  True:  HERIOT-WATT  pred:   Hint: it was founded in Edinburgh.
Which Scottish University was established as the world
'Baby Come Back' was a number one hit in 1968 for which group, founded by Eddy Grant?  True:  'THE EQUALS'  pred:   1. Dusty Springfield 2. The Tremeloes 3.
Which English novelist is best known for his Father Brown detective series?  True:  G K Chesterton  pred:   (Urmee Khan)
Which English novelist is best known for his Father Brown
In which country was the inventor of the machine gun Hiram Maxim born?  True:  USA  pred:   (a) France (b) Russia (c) Russia (d) USA
Which Cricket county's ' Twenty / 20 ' team are known as the ' Foxes ' ?  True:  LEICESTERSHIRE  pred:   1 New Zealand 2 England 3 Australia 4 South Africa 5
Which British-American actress died on 23rd March 2011, aged 79?  True:  Elizabeth Taylor  pred:   She was known for her roles in the original Star Wars (1977) and
In 2009, who was convicted of the murder of Lana Clarkson?  True:  Phil Spector  pred:   Who was convicted of the murder of Lana Clarkson? Who was convicted of the murder
The flag of Libya is a plain rectangle of which color?  True:  Green  pred:   1.
The flag of Libya is a plain rectangle of which color?
The
Ashton Carter, appointed USA Secretary of Defense in 2015, succeeded whom?  True:  Chuck Hagel  pred:  ` Dean Acheson before him?
A. Dean Acheson
B
A footpad was a criminal from the 16th to 19th century but what term is used to describe them today?  True:  MUGGER  pred:   What is a homicidal maniac?
A footpad was a criminal from the
Which British monarch founded the Yeomen of the Guard, originally as a royal bodyguard?  True:  Henry VII  pred:   Which actress starred in the original King Kong in 1933? What was the
"In which old children's TV programme did the ""biggest spotty dog you ever did see"" feature?"  True:  THE WOODENTOPS  pred:   snaps Geoffrey Nunberg, a linguistics professor at the University of California, Berkeley
Which Serbian football club is the only one from that country to win an UEFA completion?  True:  RED STAR BELGRADE  pred:   What is the name of the club from Croatia that is the only one from that
Which city in Saxony was known as Karl-Marx-Stadt from 1953 until 1990?  True:  CHEMNITZ  pred:   Hint: Its modern name is Chemnitz.
A. Leipzig
B.
Robert Hubert was hanged for confessing to what?  True:  Starting the Great Fire  pred:   Hint: Its not MURDER. He was the first person to be h
Also known as the Roland Garros, what is the Grand Slam Tennis event that started this week on the clay courts?  True:  French Open  pred:   The French Open, held every year on the red clay courts of Roland Garros
What company's mascots include a gecko, a caveman, and a talking pile of money?  True:  Geico  pred:   You're right-they're Kang and Kodos from The Simpsons. But just
What author observed, "Any sufficiently advanced technology is indistinguishable from magic"?  True:  Arthur C. Clarke  pred:  <|begin_of_text|>Question: What author observed, "Any sufficiently advanced technology is indistinguishable
Which literary character is the best known creation of the writer Earl Derr Biggers?  True:  CHARLIE CHAN  pred:   Hint: Its name is Brownie.
A. Fu Manchu
B.
Babaotai Chuanwen refers to the so-called 'Eight (what?) Scandal' in Chinese news, Feb 2012?  True:  Baby  pred:  `18.
:When it comes to the Ahmadiyya Muslim Community
In the US television show ‘The Sopranos’, which country permanently banned Janice Soprano from entering after putting her on an Unwanted Persons list?  True:  Canada  pred:   Hint: It’s better to arrive than to leave. August 16,
The rules for what card game state: A standard 52 card deck is used, with the cards in each suit ranking as usual from ace (high) down to two (low). Each heart is worth one penalty point and the queen of spades is worth 13 penalty points. The other cards have no value. The object is to avoid scoring points. On the first hand after a deal, each player any 3 cards to the person to their left. On the second hand, cards are passed to the right, across on the third hand, and no cards are passed on the fourth. The cycle continues. The person who holds the 2 of clubs must lead the first trick. The game continues until a player has scored 100 points.  True:  Hearts  pred:   The winner is the player with the most points at the end of the game.

Who wrote 'The Legend Of Sleepy Hollow'?  True:  WASHINGTON IRVING  pred:   Who wrote 'The Legend Of Sleeping Beauty'? Who wrote 'The Legend Of
Sardinian, Cetti’s and Dartford are among varieties of which bird?  True:  Warbler  pred:   1. Sardinian 2. Cetti’s 3. Dart
In 1932 Margaret Kelly founded which famous all-female dancing troupe?  True:  The Bluebell Girls  pred:   1. the Scala in Berlin 2. the Jacksons in Berlin
What public school did the Duke of Edinburgh and Prince Charles attend?  True:  Gordonston  pred:   What public school did the Duke of Edinburgh and Prince Charles attend?
What public school
Who was the 8th President of the United States from 1837- 1841?  True:  MARTIN VAN BUREN  pred:   George M. Dallas was the 8th President of the United States from
“Instrument for measuring the humidity of air or gas.” A definition of what?  True:  HYGROMETER  pred:   What is the etymology of the word chemistry and how did it come to be
The invention of what in 1867, made Alfred Nobel famous?  True:  Dynamite  pred:   (a) dynamite (b) dynamite (c) dynamite (
Which 85 year old former MP is the only female member of the Order of Merit?  True:  BETTY BOOTHROYD  pred:   Which 85 year old former MP is the only female member of the Order of
In the 1950s which tennis player entered the Wimbledon Ladies Singles three times winning oh each occasion?  True:  Maureen Connolly  pred:   (U.S. Open: Maureen Connolly (1952, 195
Neal Foulds, John Dunning and Mark Williams are associated with which sport?  True:  Snooker  pred:   1) Rugby 2) Netball 3) Cricket 4)
Who was the defending champion when Martina Navratilova first won Wimbledon singles?  True:  Virginia Wade  pred:   Who was the defending champion when Serena Williams first won Wimbledon singles? Who was the
Which motorway links Coventry to Leicester?  True:  M69  pred:   Which motorway links Coventry to London? Which motorway links Coventry to
What is the final event in a decathlon?  True:  1500 metres  pred:   What is the final event in a decathlon?
What is the final event in
What is the name of the drunken robot in the TV series Futurama?  True:  BENDER  pred:   What is the name of the drunken robot in the TV series Futurama?

What is the US state capital of Louisiana?  True:  Baton Rouge  pred:   What is the US state capital of Ohio? What is the US state capital of
Who won the 2010 Giro D'Italia?  True:  Ivan Basso  pred:   The 2010 Giro d'Italia was the 166th edition of
Edward Stanley served three terms as Prime Minister in the 19th century, he was known by what title?  True:  Earl of Derby  pred:   (pronounced “Stanley”)
A. prime minister
B. prime
Which British king married Mary of Teck?  True:  GEORGE V  pred:   Which British king married Mary of Teck?
Which British king married Mary of Te
In 'Scarface' which character was played by Al Pacino?  True:  Tony Montana  pred:   1. Tony Montana 2. Tony Montana 3. Tony Montana
Jupiter ; Saturn and Uranus are three of the so-called ' gas giants ' in our Solar System: what is the fourth ?  True:  NEPTUNE  pred:   Jupiter is the largest planet in the Solar System and the largest of the gas giants
What is the name used in North America for a man who makes his living by felling trees?  True:  Lumberjack  pred:   1. Forester 2. Foreman 3. Foreman
The Nullarbor Plain is in which country?  True:  Australia  pred:   1. Australia 2. New Zealand 3. Great Britain 4
The fictional country of the Republic of Elbonia, supposedly somewhere in the former Soviet bloc, is featured in which comic strip?  True:  Dilbert  pred:   Hint: It's a cross between Hergé's The Adventures of Tint
Which British-American actress died on 23rd March 2011, aged 79?  True:  Elizabeth Taylor  pred:   She was known for her roles in the original King Kong in 1933,
Lasting from 1299 to 1922, the Ottoman empire roughly corresponds to what modern day country?  True:  Turkey  pred:   A. Iraq B. Iran C. Syria D. Turkey
A. Iraq
"Written and first recorded in 1937, ""One O'Clock Jump"" became the theme tune of which orchestra?"  True:  COUNT BASIE ORCHESTRA  pred:   is a question of the Counting Crows song, written by Adam Duritz
What type of bird was the first released by Noah?  True:  Raven  pred:   Hint: It is not a bird, but a critter, and it is
Hans Holbein the Younger was court painter to which English monarch?  True:  Henry VIII  pred:   (a) Henry VIII (b) Edward VI (c) Elizabeth I (
The rotator cuff is a group of muscles and tendons that act to stabilize which part of the body?  True:  Shoulder  pred:   Hint:Joint
A. shoulder
B. elbow
C. wrist

"What purple berry from South America has been promoted as a ""superfood""?"  True:  Açaí berry  pred:   snaps Geoffrey Nunberg, a linguistics professor at the University of California, Berkeley
Lutra lutra is the Latin name of which British mammal?  True:  Otter  pred:   (a) badger (b) otter (c) fox (d
What name is given to a positive whole number that can only be divided by 1 or itself?  True:  Prime  pred:   1<|begin_of_text|>Question: What name is given to a positive whole number that can
Who wrote the 1930’s novel ‘Tender is the Night’?  True:  F. Scott Fitzgerald  pred:   What is it about the setting of the novel and the reader’s back story that
What was the Spice Girls' debut single called?  True:  Wannabee  pred:   The Spice Girls' debut single was called "Wannabe" and it was
According to the film Gremlins, if you are looking after a Gremlin you should not feed him after midnight, not get him wet and not expose him to what?  True:  Bright Light  pred:   Charged particles. Recently, the former Chancellor of the Exchequer, George
Bithynia was an ancient province on which sea?  True:  BLACK SEA  pred:   1. Levant 2. Aegean 3. Aege
Which Frenchman was the founder of the modern games?  True:  Baron de Coubertin  pred:   1. Eustache Le Sueur 2. Claude Lorrain
"What is the meaning of the word ""furrow""?"  True:  Narrow trench  pred:   The value of the word "furrow" as well as the nature of the
In what decade was Darwin's 'On the Origin of Species' first published?  True:  1850s  pred:   A. 1871 B. 1872 C. 1873 D
In which English town or city is Her Majesty's Prison Foston Hall?  True:  Derby  pred:   1
In which English town or city is Her Majesty's Prison Foston
Which 'Regal' male singer provided the half-time entertainment for the 2007 Superbowl?  True:  Prince  pred:   1. Prince 2. Michael Jackson 3. Beyonce 4
Which island group became known as The Friendly Islands?  True:  Tonga  pred:   (Choose all that apply.)
A. Melanesia
B. Micrones
Which is the sixth book of the New Testament, following Acts?  True:  EPISTLE TO THE ROMANS  pred:   It tells the story of the Acts of the Apostles in the second half of
What hero from Greek mythology was killed by a discus thrown by Apollo, who then named a flower after him, made from his spilled blood?  True:  Hyacinth  pred:   (Greek mythology)
What hero from Greek mythology was killed by a discus thrown
In the nursery rhyme, which was the last creature eaten by the woman who swallowed a fly?  True:  A Horse  pred:   1. the eagle? 2. the serpent? 3. the
Which branch of the US federal police, the oldest, is charged with court security, prisoner transport, serving arrest warrants and seeking fugitives?  True:  US Marshals Service  pred:   Hint: Its name is illustrative:

The President of the United States is considered
Which cricketer holds the record of taking the most wickets in Test Matches for England?  True:  IAN BOTHAM  pred:   1. Stuart Broad 2. Stuart Broad 3. Stuart Broad
What was the name of the operation whereby 1,373 U.S. citizens and 5,595 Vietnamese and foreign nationals were evacuated from the South Vietnamese capital of Saigon on 29 and 30 April 1975?  True:  Operation Frequent Wind  pred:   (U.S. estimates placed the number of South Vietnamese evacuees at
What national capital is less than 100 kilometers from Tallinn?  True:  Helsinki  pred:   1. Salzburg 2. Columbus 3. Hangzhou 4
What did Charles D. Barrow of Pennsylvania devise in 1934 and then sell to the Parker Bros. organisation?  True:  'MONOPOLY'  pred:   It was a map of the US on a scale of 1:75,
Noel Coward died in 1973. In which country?  True:  Jamaica  pred:   "Spotlight on the best place to live in the world"], Scientific American,
What naturalist’s quest to save Rwandan gorillas from poaching was made into the 1988 Academy Award-nominated film “Gorillas in the Mist”?  True:  Dian Fossey  pred:   (Hint: Its name is Dian Fossey, but try coming up
American Jazz musician John Coltrane is famous for playing which instrument?  True:  Saxophone  pred:   1. tenor saxophone 2. alto saxophone 3.
What name was given to a series of thirty evening radio speeches given by US President Franklin D. Roosevelt in 1933 and 1944?  True:  Fireside chats  pred:   Hint: Its name is the same as the running length of the last verse of
Which battle of 1897 brought Anglo-Egyptian control of Sudan?  True:  Omdurman  pred:   Hint: it was the Battle of Omdurman
Which battle of
What is classed as the Blue Riband of the Henley Regatta  True:  Diamond Sculls  pred:  ?
A. The Head of the River Race
B. University Challenge
C
The fictitious South American city/country El Dorado was abundant with?  True:  Gold  pred:   a diverse range of flora and fauna, climate, and economy. There is also
What type of bridge was used to bring water to Roman cities?  True:  Aqueduct  pred:   A. wood bridge B. wood bridge C. wood bridge D. wood bridge
Charcot-Marie-Tooth disease is an inherited muscle wasting disease affecting which part of the body?  True:  The legs  pred:   (a) lower limbs (b) upper limbs (c) lower limbs and
Which group had a number one hit in July 2010 with 'The Club Is Alive'?  True:  'JLS'  pred:   Hint: The song was released in September 2009.
Which group had a
What is the Japanese share index called?  True:  Nikkei  pred:   2019-10-15
What is the Japanese share index called?

Name the Greek equivalent to the Roman goddess, Diana?  True:  ARTEMIS  pred:   A. Artemis B. Artemis C. Artemis D. Artemis
What is the second biggest city in the UK?  True:  Birmingham  pred:   One of the cultural capitals of the UK, Leeds is the second biggest city in
Which seabird that ranges widely in the Southern Ocean and the North Pacific has the largest wingspan of any existing birds?  True:  Albatross  pred:   Which seabird that ranges widely in the Southern Ocean and the North Pacific has the
In which town or city were most of the Bowie knives made  True:  Sheffield  pred:  ?
In which town or city were most of the Bowie knives made?
In which
Which 1989 music video of Madonna attracted criticism for showing images like her making love to Saint Martin de Porres, use of Catholic iconography including a scene where she develops stigmata as well as cross burning?  True:  """Like a Prayer"""  pred:   1989 music video of Madonna attracted criticism for showing images like her making love
The Philippines has 7,107 islands, which other Asian country is an archipelago of 17,504 islands?  True:  Indonesia  pred:    Cartoon Network Philippines
The Philippines has 7,107 islands, which other
Robert Walden Cassotto achieved fame under what name?  True:  BOBBY DARIN  pred:   1. Robert Walden Cassino 2. Robert Walden Cassotto
Who co-starred with George Clooney in the 2013 movie Gravity?  True:  Sandra Bullock  pred:    Cartoon Network 
Who co-starred with George Clooney in the 201
Which English town is known for its collection of concrete cows?  True:  Milton Keynes  pred:   Which English town is known for its collection of concrete cows?
Which English town is
Babel Fish is an icon/metaphor/brand for instantaneous what?  True:  Translation  pred:   translation. A generation ago, it stood for speed, impact, memorability,
What would a polyandric woman have more than one of?  True:  HUSBAND  pred:   What would a polyandric woman have more than one of? What would a
"Which island is/was politically divided by the ""Attilla Line""?"  True:  CYPRUS  pred:  "
The Duchy of Schleswig-Holstein (German: Herzog
Lupine relates to which animal?  True:  Wolf  pred:   1. cats 2. dogs 3. cats and dogs 4
What is the name of the life-size plastic dummies in the television series Doctor Who, the first of which arrived on Earth in hollow plastic meteorites with deadly weapons concealed in their hands?  True:  Autons  pred:   Hint: Its name is Sam & Max.
What is the name of the December
Creme Anglaise is the French version of which English dessert item?  True:  Custard  pred:   1) sticky toffee pudding 2) sticky toffee cake 3
At which castle was Mary Queen of Scots beheaded?  True:  Fotheringhay  pred:   1. Dunfermline 2. Dunfermline 3
What was bandleader Joe Loss's signature tune  True:  In The Mood  pred:  ?
What was bandleader Joe Loss's signature tune?
What was bandle
Which 20th century British prime minister had the longest surname ?  True:  CAMPBELL-BANNERMAN  pred:   Which 20th century British prime minister had the longest surname?
Which 20
What is footballer Ryan Giggs real surname?  True:  Wilson  pred:   A source close to the Manchester United captain has revealed that that the Welshman is
Which Latin word is used for a recess in a church wall containing a basin for washing holy vessels?  True:  PISCINA  pred:   A. tapete B. tapetum C. tapeteum D.
What is the opposite of an acid?  True:  a Base  pred:   ›
Redox reactions include all chemical reactions in which atoms gain or lose electrons
On what river is the city of Norwich  True:  Wensum  pred:   situated?
A. River Nene
B. River Yare
C.
Shire, Arabian, Mustang, and Hackney are types of?  True:  Horse  pred:   the Thoroughbred racing horse.
A Thoroughbred is a type of horse
A ‘gricer’ is a slang term for a what?  True:  TRAINSPOTTER  pred:    Cartoonist is a person who specializes in drawing cartoons. This work is often
Name Microsoft's hands-free gaming system launched in June 2010, a made-up word alluding to joining?  True:  Kinect  pred:   Microsoft's hands-free gaming system launched in June 2010, a made-up
Founded in London in 1844 by George Williams, which organisation was established to provide low cost housing in a safe environment?  True:  YMCA  pred:   (a) Age Concern, (b) Relate, (c) Rel
Alphabetically which is the last book of the Old Testament?  True:  ZEPHANIAH  pred:   Hint: it’s the Book of Esther.
A. The Book of Esther

True or false a bird had more neck bones than a giraffe  True:  True  pred:  ?
6. True or false a bird had more neck bones than a giraffe
"From which Beatles song do the following lyrics come, ""Nothing's going to change my world""?"  True:  'ACROSS THE UNIVERSE'  pred:   (Compare,,,,,,,,,,,,,,
Which Radio 2 DJ christened ‘Dallas’ character Lucy Ewing ‘The Poison Dwarf’?  True:  Terry Wogan  pred:   Which Radio 2 DJ christened ‘Dallas’ character Lucy Ewing ‘The
What is the result of raising any number to the power of zero?  True:  1  pred:   1
What is the result of raising any number to the power of zero
What is measured by a Hygrometer?  True:  Humidity  pred:   A hygrometer is a device used to measure the relative humidity of the air
Who was the only Prime Minister of Britain to be assassinated?  True:  Spencer Percival  pred:   Who was the only Prime Minister of Britain to be assassinated? Who was the
Composer Giacomo Puccini died leaving which opera unfinished?  True:  Turandot  pred:   1. La bohème 2. Tosca 3. Madama
A group of which fish is called a Lap?  True:  Cod  pred:   1. Cod 2. Sturgeon 3. Salmon 4.
The port of Mocha is in which country?  True:  Yemen  pred:    The port of Mocha is located in which country?
A. Indonesia

Bonar Law is the only Prime Minister not born in the UK. In which country was he born?  True:  Canada  pred:   1. Australia 2. Australia 3. Australia 4. Australia
In 'Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone' what is the name of the three-headed dog provided by 'Hagrid' to guard the trapdoor leading to the chamber where the stone was kept?  True:  'FLUFFY'  pred:   Hint 1
In 'Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone' what
Who killed Lee harvey Oswald?  True:  Jack Ruby  pred:   Secret Service Gave him wiretaps
Since the assassination of President John F
In which country are the wine areas of Suhindol and Thrace?  True:  Bulgaria  pred:   In which country are the wine areas of Suhindol and Thrace?

The second act, set in the Land of Sweets, of which ballet by Tchaikovsky includes the Dance of the Reed Flutes?  True:  THE NUTCRACKER SUITE  pred:   The prelude to the first act and the pizzicato in the third
Which bird was the emblem of Prussia?  True:  EAGLE  pred:   Hint: It was killed by a rhinoceros.
A. The pet
A wisp or walk is the collective noun for which group of birds? Latin name gallinago gallinago.  True:  Snipe  pred:   A wisp or walk is the collective noun for which group of birds? Latin
Which South Wales town was formed when Margam and Aberavon combined in the 1920s?  True:  PORT TALBOT  pred:   Which South Wales town was formed when Margam and Aberavon combined in the
In Norse mythology, who was best known for carrying a hammer?  True:  Thor  pred:   1. Thor 2. Thorfinn Karlsefni 3
Which is the largest of the United Arab Emirates?  True:  Abu Dhabi  pred:   1. Abu Dhabi 2. Dubai 3. Sharjah 4
‘Back to Bedlam’ was the debut album for which British singer?  True:  James Blunt  pred:    (a) Siouxsie and the Banshees  (b
Sandra Bullock won this year's 'Oscar' for Best Actress for her role as 'Leigh Anne Tuohy', in which film?  True:  'THE BLIND SIDE'  pred:   1) The Blind Side 2) The Proposal 3) The Blind
Which 20th Century U.S. President was a Peanut Farmer?  True:  JIMMY CARTER  pred:   Which 20th Century U.S. President was a Warrior? Which 20
The axilla is the anatomical name for which part of the body?  True:  Armpit  pred:   (a)Scapula (b)Interosseous membrane (c
Beers called Budweiser are named after a city of which modern nation?  True:  Czech Republic  pred:   (a) Belgium (b) Netherlands (c) Switzerland (d) Soviet
Who was elected US President in November 2012?  True:  Barack Obama  pred:   The president of the United States is the head of state and head of government of
Gary Busey played which pop star in a 1978 film?  True:  Buddy Holly  pred:   Hint: Its name is the same as the running length of the Statue of Liberty
Which band released the albums Sheer Heart Attack and A Day at the Races?  True:  Queen  pred:   1. Queen 2. Elvis Costello 3. Elvis Presley
What was the occupation of St Peter, the leader of the Apostles?  True:  Fisherman  pred:   Which of the New Testament...
What was the occupation of St Peter,
In which street did the Great Fire of London originate  True:  Pudding Lane  pred:  ?
The Great Fire of London broke out on 2 September 1666 in
‘Impossible is nothing’ is the motto of which sportswear company?  True:  Adidas  pred:    The game of Monopoly celebrated its 100th anniversary in 2008
The town of Honiton in Devon is famous for producing what?  True:  Lace  pred:   1. wood 2. potatoes 3. cider 4. cider
On which island does a narrow gauge railway run from Craignure to Torosay Castle?  True:  Mull  pred:   (a) Mull (b) Mull of Kintyre (c) Ard
What dramatically fictionalised king actually ruled the Scots 1040-57?  True:  Macbeth  pred:   And how did he fight at the Battle of the Standard at the Battle of the
What was the surname of the woman who was the inspiration behind the Rolling Stones song Angie?  True:  Bowie  pred:   What was the name of the woman who was the inspiration behind the Rolling Stones song
The 1938 work The Black Jacobins by C. L. R. James is an account of what upheaval that took place between 1791 and 1804?  True:  Haitian revolution  pred:   in what was then the French colony of Saint-Domingue (now Haiti).
In the game of Cluedo, what colour is the piece that represents Mrs Peacock?  True:  Blue  pred:   (a) Gold; (b) Gold; (c) Gold; (
Which are the only mammals to have wings?  True:  Bats  pred:   Which are the only primates to have wings? Which are the only great ap
For a point each, name the 4 countries surrounding Belgium.  True:  France, Germany, Luxembourg, and the Netherlands  pred:   In this case, the equator passes through 3 of the 4 countries
Also known as the Roland Garros, what is the Grand Slam Tennis event that started this week on the clay courts?  True:  French Open  pred:   The French Open, held every year on the red clay courts of Roland Garros
"""84 Charing Cross Road"" is a book based on 20 years of correspondence between which New York writer and Frank Doel, an antiquarian bookseller in London?"  True:  Helene Hanff  pred:  84 Charing Cross Road"" is a book based on 20 years of correspondence
Sanskrit is an ancient language of which modern day country?  True:  India  pred:   (a) Pakistan (b) India (c) Bangladesh (d) and
"What has been described as the ""fifth"" taste, after sweet, sour, bitter, and salty?"  True:  Umami  pred:   is astringency. Astringency is synthesized during the cooking process, and
In the 1994 Cash for Questions affair, in which the Guardian exposed two Tory MPs taking payments from Mohamed Al-Fayed, who was the MP for Beaconsfield implicated?  True:  Tim Smith  pred:   The scandal surrounding the revelations led to the resignation of William Hague, party leader,
In which race did Zola Budd and Mary Decker famously collide at the 1984 Olympics?  True:  3000 metres  pred:   In which race did Zola Budd and Mary Decker famously collide at the
The Picts were an ancient tribe of people occupying what country in Roman times?  True:  Scotland  pred:    The Picts were an ancient tribe of people occupying what country in Roman times
Dageurreotype/dageurrotype is a mid-1800s form of?  True:  Photograph  pred:   these were actual photographs made with a postcard-printing process that appears to be
Who wrote the Buddy Holly hit 'It Doesn't Matter Anymore'?  True:  PAUL ANKA  pred:   Aug. 16, 2012
Who wrote the Buddy Holly hit '
Who was the first Briton to hold a world javelin record  True:  Fatima Whitbread  pred:  ?
Who was the first Briton to hold a world javelin record?
 

Tommy Bolin, who died of a heroin overdose in 1976, was the lead guitarist with which group?  True:  DEEP PURPLE  pred:   Hint: Jeff Beck, for one, has been known to play with him.

In relation to phobias what word describes the fear of strangers or foreigners?  True:  XENOPHOBIA  pred:   1. fear of doctors 2. fear of doctors 3. fear
Which river is most sacred to the Hindu religion?  True:  Ganges  pred:   A. Ganges B. Brahmaputra C. Brahmaputra D.
What type of acid is extracted from the juice of lemons, oranges, limes, and grapefruit?  True:  Citric acid  pred:   A. more acidic
B. less acidic
Answer: A
Explanation:
The UEFA (Union of European Football Associations) was founded in which European country in 1954?  True:  Switzerland  pred:    The UEFA (Union of European Football Associations) was founded in which European country
In which film did Kenneth Williams say infamy infamy they've all got it in for me?  True:  CARRY ON CLEO  pred:   In which film did Kenneth Williams say infamy infamy they've all got it
The Canary Islands are named after what animal?  True:  Dog  pred:   The capital of the Canary Islands is San Cristóbal de La Laguna. The
Who wrote the 1963 novel ‘The Spy Who Came in From the Cold’?  True:  John Le Carre  pred:   The book was written by John le Carré an English writer who was born in
On which river are the Victoria Falls?  True:  Zambezi  pred:   The falls are located on the Zambezi River at the border of Zambia and
Who played Detective Sergeant Trotter in the original 1952 West End cast of The Mousetrap?  True:  Richard Attenborough  pred:   Who played Detective Sergeant Trotter in the original 1952 West End cast of
'The Deep' is an aquarium at the confluence of which river with the Humber Estuary?  True:  (River) HULL  pred:    The Deep is an aquarium at the confluence of which river with the H
Who killed Jean Paul Marat?  True:  Charlotte Corday  pred:   MATTHEW Webb Gillies Gillies Gillies Gillies Gillies Gillies
What is the family home of the Spencer family for over 500 years?  True:  Althorp  pred:   One of the largest country houses in England, Harewood House and its grounds
What is a 'Judogi' used for?  True:  A Judogi is the formal Japanese name for the traditional uniform used for Judo practice and competition  pred:   What is a 'Judogi' used for?
What is a 'Judogi
Colchester stands on which river? The river shares its name with a Lancashire town.  True:  Colne  pred:   It empties into the North Sea via the Humber Estuary. The town
Which organization launched the Firefox smartphone operating system in 2013, targeting the developing world?  True:  Mozilla  pred:   Hint: It's not Android.
December 20, 2013,
‘Back to Bedlam’ was the debut album for which British singer?  True:  James Blunt  pred:    (a) Siouxsie and the Banshees  (b
What dance craze was named after a city in South Carolina?  True:  The Charleston  pred:   What dance craze was named after a city in South Carolina?
What dance cra
Which UK television chef made Earl Grey and mandarin hot cross buns for Waitrose?  True:  Heston Blumenthal  pred:   Which UK television chef made Earl Grey and mandarin hot cross buns for Wait
What are the table-top mountains found in the Guiana Highlands of South America (especially Venezuela) that inspired Arthur Conan Doyle's The Lost World and also appear prominently in the landscapes of the Pixar hit Up?  True:  Tepuis  pred:   Are they the highest mountains in the world?
Are the table-top mountains found in
Which brand of beer does Homer Simpson drink regularly?  True:  Duff  pred:   Thatâ&#x20AC;&#x2122;s a question raised in the
"Which city was the target of the first ""Thousand Bomber Raid"" on May 30th/31st 1942?"  True:  Cologne  pred:  "
How much time did it take to hire more than 50 airmen
Whose fifth symphony is known as “The Reformation”?  True:  Felix Mendelssohn  pred:   (a) Beethoven (b) Haydn (c) Mozart (d
What parliamentary seat was not contested on 6 May in the UK general election due to the pre-election death of a candidate?  True:  Thirsk and Malton  pred:   Hint: it was not held by Ed Miliband, Ed Balls or Ed Balls
Which car company produces a model called Eos?  True:  Volkswagen  pred:   1. Mercedes-Benz 2. BMW 3. and Audi 4
In September 1645 after the surrender of which city, was Prince Rupert dismissed by Charles I?  True:  Bristol  pred:   1. 2. 3. 4. 5.
September 23, 1939 saw the death of what famed neurologist, best known for founding the field of psychoanalysis?  True:  Sigmund Freud  pred:    Cartoonist Frederick Burr Opper (February 19, 1869 –
Saint Therese is associated with which town?  True:  Lisieux  pred:   1.Constantinople 2.Cologne 3Carthage
What became the last city on earth to experience the horror of a nuclear bomb when the B-29 Bockscar devastated what Japanese city on August 9, 1945?  True:  Nagasaki  pred:   It was Kokura, with 150,000–200,000 dead.
In which sport is the Vince Lombardi awarded?  True:  American Football  pred:   despite the fact that both teams won handily, the Patriots received the Vince Lomb
The name of which chemical element, with the symbol 'Tc', is derived from the Greek for 'artificial'?  True:  TECHNETIUM  pred:   1. sodium 2. einsteinium 3. einsteinium
When was basketball invented: 17th, 18th or 19th century?  True:  19th century  pred:   When was basketball invented: 17th, 18th or 19th
"Who wrote the poem ""Daffodils""?"  True:  William Wordsworth  pred:   The poem was written by William Wordsworth (1770-1850).
 

"The men's aftershaves or colognes ""Encounter"" and ""Euphoria"" are marketed under which perfume company's name?"  True:  Calvin Klein  pred:   (a), (b), (c) or (d)
Which composer was married to Clara Wieck from 1840 until his death in 1856?  True:  ROBERT SCHUMANN  pred:   Which composer was married to Clara Wieck from 1840 until his death in
The announcement came in November 1978 that which member of the 'Royal Family' was to join the armed forces?  True:  PRINCE ANDREW  pred:   (a) Prince Charles (b) Prince Andrew (c) Prince Edward (
Name the year - Norfolk farmer Tony Martin shootsand kills a 16 year old burglar in his farmhouse, UK fuel protesters almost bring the country to a standstill and Paula Yates and Robin Day both sadly die ?  True:  2000  pred:   A new year deserves a new look and a new look deserves a new look at
In musical terminology, what word describes sliding between two notes?  True:  GLISSANDO  pred:   [closed]
The term "sliding" is generally used to describe systematic changes
What is the Christian service or ceremony, named from Greek meaning grateful, commemorating the Last Supper?  True:  Eucharist  pred:   Or also known as the Eucharist, the Lord's Supper, and
Who was assassinated in 1968 in the Ambassador Hotel in Los Angeles?  True:  Robert Kennedy  pred:   Japanese Emperor Hirohito was assassinated on August 6, 1989
What Pakistani river valley was home to one of the world's most advanced civilizations in 2000 BC?  True:  Indus Valley  pred:   The Indus Valley Civilization spanned 2500 BC to 1300 BC
Which woman was the singer with Big Brother and the Holding Company?  True:  Janis Joplin  pred:   1. Janis Joplin 2. Bonnie Raitt
In which European city was the 1968 Eurovision Song Contest held?  True:  London  pred:   1) Monaco 2) Copenhagen 3) Berlin 4) Rome
The Khyber Pass is approximately how many miles long?  True:  33 Miles  pred:   Hint: Its end is in Afghanistan.
A. 250
B.
Between 1987 and 2006, Ratu Sir Kamisese Mara, Commodore Frank Bainimarama, Mahendra Chaudhry, Laisenia Qarase, Lieutenant Colonel Sitiveni Rabuka, George Speight and Ratu Josefa Iloilo were involved in the politics of which country?  True:  Fiji  pred:   (a) Fiji (b) Solomon Islands (c) Tonga (d
June 2, 2004 saw the beginning of the streak in which what Edmonds, WA native won 74 consecutive games on Jeopardy?  True:  Ken Jennings  pred:   McDonnell, a member of the Texas A&M–Corpus Christi Islanders
Which Shakespeare play centres around a novice nun called 'Isabella' whosebrother is to be executed unless she succumbs to the attentions of 'Angelo'?  True:  'MEASURE FOR MEASURE'  pred:   1. The Life and Death of King John 2. Julius Caesar
Eddie, Lou, and Clancy are the face of law and order on what long running tv show?  True:  The Simpsons  pred:   1. Law and Order 2. Law and Order SVU 3
How is the American singer Anna Mae Bullock better known?  True:  Tina Turner  pred:   (also known as Tina Turner) was born on February 26, 193
August 6, 1912 saw formation of The Bull Moose Party, with what total bad assed at the lead?  True:  Teddy Roosevelt  pred:   Theodore Roosevelt, Franklin Delano Roosevelt, Franklin Delano Roosevelt, Franklin Delano
Who was the author of 'Daniel Deronda' published in 1876?  True:  GEORGE ELIOT  pred:   Who was the author of 'Daniel Deronda' published in 1876?

"Which American President used the slogan: ""It's the economy, stupid"" for his presidential campaign?"  True:  BILL CLINTON  pred:  "
"Which American President used the slogan: ""It's the economy, stupid
"In the TV version of ""The Odd Couple"", the part of Felix Ungar was played by Tony Randall. Which actor played the part in the original 1968 film?"  True:  JACK LEMMON  pred:   is a trivia question, which has been viewed 107 titles, and is associated
What is a commmon name for the United Nations peacekeeping forces?  True:  Blue Berets  pred:   Hint: it's not the Uganda People's Defence Force and it's not the
Hircine refers to being like or related to what creature?  True:  Goat  pred:   1. a ruminant 2. a tetrapod 3
In which sport in Britain is the 'Elite League' the top division, with teams such as 'Coventry Bees' and 'Poole Pirates'?  True:  SPEEDWAY  pred:    The game of Monopoly celebrated its 100th anniversary in 2008
What name is given to belief in more than one god?  True:  POLYTHEISM  pred:   – Hinduism
What name is given to belief in more than one god?

Where sitting on his suitcase was Paddington bear found ?  True:  Paddington Station  pred:   The Hauntings at Arundel Castle
Where sitting on his suitcase was
Which literary location did John Jarndyce own?  True:  Bleak House  pred:   1. Highgate 2. Brompton Barracks 3.
Of which US state is Springfield the capital?  True:  Illinois  pred:   Springfield is the capital, largest city, and commercial center of the U.S.
RAF Lakenheath is situated in which English county?  True:  SUFFOLK  pred:   (a) Suffolk (b) Warwickshire (c) Dorset (d
Which former British PM was christened “Grocer” by Private Eye?  True:  Edward Heath  pred:   Which former British PM was christened "Grocer" by Private Eye?
Which
What French region's capital city is Ajaccio?  True:  Corsica  pred:   1 answer below »
What French region's capital city is Ajaccio?

Which Spanish soup containing onions, tomatoes, peppers and cucumbers and traditionally thickened with stale breadcrumbs is always served cold ?  True:  GAZPACHO  pred:   A) gazpacho B) gazpacho C) gazpacho D
Blue Gum and Ironbark are species of which genus of Australian tree?  True:  Eucalyptus  pred:   1. Eucalyptus globulus 2. Eucaly
What island country lies off the southeast tip of India?  True:  Sri Lanka  pred:   A. Singapore
B. Singapore
Answer: A
Explanation:   The
The Hotel Matignon is the official residence of the Prime Minister of which European country?  True:  France  pred:   (recommended)
The Hotel Matignon is the official residence of the Prime Minister of
in which US State is the Chambers Bay Course, the venue for the 2015 US Open Golf Championship?  True:  Washington  pred:   1. Lancaster 2. Ellis Island 3.Salt Lake City
Who was the last woman hanged in Britain  True:  Ruth Ellis  pred:  ?
Who was the last woman hanged in Britain?
The last woman to be
Who wrote the Thursday Next books?  True:  Jasper Fforde  pred:   The author of the Thursday Next books is Jasper Fforde. He is a
"To what was Wordsworth referring when he wrote, ""Shall I call thee bird, or but a wandering voice?"  True:  THE CUCKOO  pred:  "
 
English poet, William Wordsworth (1770-1850) was
In Roman mythology, on which part of the body were talaria worn?  True:  Feet  pred:   [closed]
In Roman mythology, on which part of the body were talaria
Who wrote the songs for the musical Top Hat?  True:  Irving Berlin  pred:   Aug 11, 2008
Who wrote the songs for the musical Top
Oil seed rape belongs to which plant family?  True:  Mustard  pred:   (a) Brassicaceae (b) Brassicaceae (c) Brass
What is the plural of Winklevoss?  True:  Winklevii  pred:   The plural of Winklevoss is Winklevosses.
What is
What is the common name for the perennial-flowering houseplant, 'Saintpaulia'?  True:  AFRICAN VIOLET  pred:   1 answer below »
What is the common name for the perennial-flowering house
On which island in the North Sea did both St Aidan and St Cuthbert live?  True:  LINDISFARNE  pred:   1. Lindisfarne 2. Lindisfarne 3
A kittel, or kitl, is what, traditionally worn by male Jews?  True:  Burial shroud  pred:   What does it cover the head with?
A kittel, or kitl,
By what name did Samuel Langhorne Clemens publish his novels under?  True:  Mark Twain  pred:   Hint: Its name is the same as Henrik Ibsen's.
A.
Which London river, now flowing underground, rises in Hampstead, flows through St. Pancras, down Farringdon Street and enters the Thames by Blackfriars Bridge?  True:  River Fleet  pred:   (a) Thames (b) Fleet (c) Lea (d)
What country has the largest Muslim population?  True:  Indonesia  pred:   The United Arab Emirates has the largest Muslim population in the world. According to the
The Western Roll is a technique used in which track and field athletics event?  True:  High Jump  pred:    The Western Roll is a technique used in which track and field athletics event?

Which US TV series of the 1960's starring Ray Walston as 'Uncle Martin' and Bill Bixby, was remade in 1999 as a film starring Christopher Lloyd and Jeff Daniels?  True:  'MY FAVORITE MARTIAN'  pred:   Hint: it was based on a Harold Robbins novel.
What is the name of
What is the most popular natural attraction in Alaska?  True:  Mount McKinley  pred:   Paul Tunnicliffe Gill Shibe picks her Arts and Exhibitions for January
"Which 1968 book by Richard Hooker begins ""When Radar O'Reilly, just out of high school left Ottumwa, Iowa and enlisted in the United States Army...""?"  True:  'M.A.S.H.'  pred:  "
"Which 1968 book by Richard Hooker begins ""When Radar O
Madeleine Allbright was appointed by Bill Clinton as the USA's first woman to hold what position?  True:  Secretary of State  pred:   (U.S. Secretary of State)
Madeleine Allbright was appointed by Bill
Who bought Donington Park’s Dunlop Bridge at a memorabilia auction?  True:  Chris Evans  pred:   A source close to the Tifflin family told the Sunday Times that the
Who invented the mercury thermometer in 1714?  True:  Gabriel Farenheit  pred:   1714 AD
Who invented the mercury thermometer in 1714?
Which edifice in London was immortalised in poetry by Wordsworth in 1802 and in a painting by Canaletto in 1746?  True:  Westminster Bridge  pred:   (a) the Royal Exchange (b) the Bank of England (c)
In ‘Dad’s Army’, what was the surname of the air-raid warden?  True:  HODGES  pred:   1.
In ‘Dad’s Army’, what was the surname of the
"What is another word for a ""post mortem""?"  True:  Autopsy  pred:   - Wiktionary
What is another word for a ""post mortem""
Chi is the Chinese year of what?  True:  Cock  pred:   A. the "celestial wolf" B. the "celestial wolf"
Who played Margo Channing in the 1950 film ‘All About Eve’?  True:  Bette Davis  pred:   She was played by Anne Baxter, in the role of Margo Channing,
Which was the last non-capital city to host the Summer Olympic Games?  True:  SYDNEY  pred:   Hint: Its population was 10 times that of London by the end of the
O UGLY NINE is an anagram of which singer songwriter?  True:  Neil Young  pred:    Lucinda Williams.  From the album Car Wheels on a Gr
Which guitar innovator and player has a range of Gibson Guitars named after him?  True:  Les Paul  pred:   This is the name traditionally given to the B.B. King Lucille model.
What is the name of the structure designed by Anish Kapoor and Cecil Balmond for the 2012 London Olympics?  True:  (Arcelormittal) Orbit  pred:   Hint: It’s 12 metres (40 feet) tall, and accentuates
What is Mexico's most commonly used language?  True:  Spanish  pred:   What is Mexico's most commonly used language?
What is Mexico's most commonly used
Tu is the clothing brand of supermarket chain?  True:  Sainsbury's  pred:  ` ASDA Supermarkets | ASDA Supermarkets
Tu is the clothing brand
Which late singer’s autobiography was entitled “Take me Home”?  True:  John Denver  pred:   Hint: It was written as a sequel to the bestselling “The Autobiography
In which 1993 film does a boy called Jonah write to a woman called Annie, asking her to meet his father at the Empire State building on St. Valentine's Day?  True:  Sleepless In Seattle  pred:   Also made famous by the song "It's Gonna Be A Cold, Cold
The administration of which American President was rocked by the 'Teapot Dome Scandal' of the 1920's?  True:  WARREN HARDING  pred:   Hint: It also served as the 24th President of the United States.

Who directed the film Life of Pi?  True:  ANG LEE  pred:   Allies
Starring: Suraj Sharma, Irrfan Khan, Tabu,
Which island has belonged to Carthage, Rome, the Saracens, the King of Aragon, the Dukes of Savoy, United Italy under Victor Emmanuel and was granted autonomous government in 1947?  True:  Sardinia  pred:   A) Corsica B) Sardinia C) Sicily D) Malta
What Swedish city is connected to Copenhagen via a bridge?  True:  Malmö  pred:    The Dannebrog Bridge, completed in 1984, serves as
In which North Yorkshire town is the Green Howards Museum?  True:  RICHMOND  pred:   Today, we’re partnering with the Green Howards Museum in Market Weighton,
Pearmain is a variety of what?  True:  Apple  pred:   Pearmain is a variety of
A. grapes
B. pears

In the 80s who wrote the novel Empire of The Sun?  True:  J. G. Ballard  pred:     It was written by Nevil Shute.  It was published in
"Who created the fictional character ""Tilly Trotter'?"  True:  Catherine Cookson  pred:  "
"Who created the fictional character ""Tilly Trotter'?""
Posted
Born Jose Zapata, but known by his middle names, which Colombian goalkeeper who scored three goals for his country is best remembered for his 'scorpion kick' performed at Wembley in 1995?  True:  Rene Higuita  pred:    The answer is Geoff Hurst, who scored a hat-trick in the
Which English cathedral was damaged by an earthquake in the middle Ages  True:  Canterbury Cathedral  pred:  ?
Which English cathedral was damaged by an earthquake in the middle Ages?
As a
What colour is the flower of the Celandine?  True:  YELLOW  pred:   What colour is the flower of the Cowslip? What colour is the
The 1987 film ‘Cry Freedom’ is a biographical drama about which South African civil rights leader?  True:  Steve Biko  pred:   Hint: He was assassinated two years after the film was released.<|end_of_text|><|end_of_text|>
"Meaning ""double step” in Spanish, which dance actually originated in southern France but is modelled after the sound, drama, and movement of the Spanish bullfight?"  True:  Paso Doble  pred:
What did Antonio Stradivari make?  True:  Violins  pred:   What role did he play in the development of the violin from the 17th
Who had an August 1969 No.1 with 'In The Year 2525 (Exordium And Terminus)'?  True:  Zager & Evans  pred:   Aug 2016
Who had an August 1969 No.1 with
In the Anna Sewell novel, what is Black Beauty?  True:  A horse  pred:   1 See more words with the same meaning: computer, lost, lost,
In which Ayrshire village will you find the cottage birthplace of poet Robert Bums which is now a museum?  True:  Alloway  pred:   In which Isle of Man village will you find the birthplace of Jean Rhys
Edith Cresson became the first female Prime Minister of which European country?  True:  France  pred:   (Republic of Ireland)
Edith Cresson became the first female Prime Minister
What was the first Beatles film?  True:  A Hard Day's Night  pred:   National Lampoon's Animal House is a 1978 American comedy film directed by
"Which Tom's first leading role was in the 1983 film ""Risky Business""?"  True:  Cruise  pred:  "
Which Tom's first leading role was in the 1983 film "R
Yellow-pine, Uinta and Lodgepole are all types of which animal?  True:  Chipmunk  pred:   Hint: They are all sassafras trees.
A. birds
B
Since the foundation of the Football League which is the only team from outside the League (or Premier League) to win the FA Cup, doing so in 1901?  True:  Tottenham Hotspur  pred:   It was after the resumption of the Football League in 1888 that the
Who directed the first two Beatles' films 'A Hard Day's Night' and 'Help! '?  True:  RICHARD LESTER  pred:   Answer: Richard Lester
A Hard Day's Night was released in 1964
What is the name for attacks on Jewish communities, especially those instigated by the authorities?  True:  Pogrom  pred:  ï¿½ï¿½ï¿½ï¿½ï¿½ï
Gabriel Loire, Mordecai Ardon and Marcelle Ferron are known for their art work in what medium?  True:  Stained glass  pred:    Cartoonists
Gabriel Loire, Mordecai Ardon and Marcel
Athos and Porthos are two of the 3 musketeers, name the other one.  True:  Aramis  pred:   What is the name of the other musketeer?
What is the name
Who replaced Iraqi President Ahmed Hassan al-Bakr in July 1979?  True:  Saddam Hussein  pred:   Hint: He remained in power until 1991.
How old was Saddam Hussein
Who memorably failed to win the Marathon in the 1954 Commonwealth Games?  True:  JIM PETERS  pred:   Dave Moorcroft, the first British athlete to win a gold medal in the
Which British TV series starring John Simm as DCI Sam Tyler and Philip Glenister as DCI Gene Hunt was remade in the USA starring Jason O'Mara and Harvey Keitel?  True:  Life On Mars  pred:   Hint: It is set in the present day, not the 1970s
Which of the United States of America is known as the Old Colony State?  True:  MASSACHUSETTS  pred:   Which of the United States of America is known as the Old Colony State?
Which
Which wonder of the ancient world was at Ephesus?  True:  Temple of Artemis  pred:   What was the first town in the world to have theatres, gymnasium
Who was the winning owner of the Ascot Gold Cup in 2013?  True:  THE QUEEN  pred:   In 2013, the Ascot Gold Cup was won by 66/
"Which 19th century English writer wrote ""Swallows and Amazons"", ""Peter Duck"" and ""Secret Water""?"  True:  Arthur Ransome  pred:  "
Which 19th century English writer wrote ""Swallows and Amazons
"Who was ""Sports Illustrated"" magazine's first ""Sportsman of the Year""?"  True:  Roger Bannister  pred:  "
"Who was ""Sports Illustrated"" magazine's first ""Sportsman of the
Sea World is in Mission Bay Park in which US city?  True:  SAN DIEGO  pred:   1. Charleston, South Carolina 2. San Francisco, California 3
What was Stephane Grappelli's instrument?  True:  Violin  pred:   What was Stephane Grappelli's instrument?
What was Stephane Grapp
What colour is Lady Penelope’s car in the television puppet series ‘Thunderbirds’?  True:  Pink  pred:   1. Blue. 2. Black. 3. Red.
Acccording to the English nursey rhyme, what did little Jack Horner pull out of a pie?  True:  Plum  pred:   (a) and (b) (c) and (d) (e
"Which English comedian had a minor hit in 1958 with his cover version of the Bobby Darin song, ""Splish Splash""?"  True:  CHARLIE DRAKE  pred:  "
Which English comedian had a minor hit in 1958 with his cover version
Which European city has the world’s oldest stock exchange formed in 1602?  True:  Amsterdam  pred:   Which European city has the world’s oldest stock exchange formed in 1602?

What was the surname of the woman who was the inspiration behind the Rolling Stones song Angie?  True:  Bowie  pred:   Enquiring minds want to know.
Murder claims the life of a city's
What raw material is used for making glass?  True:  Sand  pred:   Glass is made from silica, small amounts of lime and soda, and a small
Peter Parker alias Spiderman worked for which newspaper?  True:  Daily Bugle  pred:   1. the Deccan Herald 2. the Deccan Chronicle
In the game of golf, an Albatross is how many strokes under par for a given hole?  True:  Three  pred:   A) 4 B) 5 C) 6 D) 7
A rabbit punch is a blow to what part of the body?  True:  Neck  pred:   A. Chin/Neck B. Chin/Neck C. Chin/
In medicine the MMR vaccination gives protection against which diseases?  True:  Measles, Mumps and Rubella  pred:   1. Measles, 2. Mumps, 3.
In which novel does Flora Poste move to live with her relatives, the Starkadders, in Sussex?  True:  Cold Comfort Farm  pred:   In which novel does Flora Poste move to live with her relatives, the
What is the name of the official publication of the Jehova’s Witnesses  True:  The Watchtower  pred:  ?
A. Christianity Today
B. Christianity Today
C. Christianity Today

The peacock belongs to which family of birds?  True:  Pheasant  pred:   1.
The peacock belongs to which family of birds? 2.

Who is the United Nations and Arab League envoy to Syria?  True:  KOFI ANNAN  pred:   What exactly does he individually stand for? Or, put another way, what do
‘Troilus and ‘who’ is the title of a play by William Shakespeare?  True:  Cressida  pred:   Troilus and Cressida
Troilus and Cressida is
Of what does the usual base of a Florentine biscuit consist?  True:  CHOCOLATE  pred:   1. flour 2. eggs 3. butter 4. sugar
Who is the narrator on the UK television show The Only Way Is Essex?  True:  Denise van Outen  pred:   Who is the narrator on the UK television show The Only Way Is Essex?
Who
Which English chemist discovered the most elements?  True:  DAVY  pred:   1. Berzelius 2. Humphry Davy 3.
"In New Zealand, the word ""moko"" refers to a type of what?"  True:  Tattoo  pred:   A. painting B. carving C. tattooing D. painting and carving

What song was a hit for Tom Jones and Cerys Matthews in 1999?  True:  Baby it's cold outside  pred:   What song was a hit for Tom Jones and Cerys Matthews in 199
The pasta, farfalle, is named after which creature?  True:  THE BUTTERFLY  pred:   
A. cougar
B. cow
C. cowpox
D
Which ‘P’ shot the arrow that killed Achilles by striking him on his heel?  True:  PARIS  pred:   1. Ajax 2. Achilles 3. King Agamemnon
Which was the final battle of King Arthur, at which he was mortally wounded?  True:  BATTLE OF CAMLANN  pred:   1. Camlann 2. Tintagel 3.
What animal is the Scandinavian Christmas Julbock symbol?  True:  Goat  pred:   The Julbock is a subspecies of goat that is native to Scandinavia
Which, then fictional, award is mentioned in the opening scene of the 1950 film ‘All About Eve’, starring Bette Davis?  True:  The Sarah Siddons Award  pred:   It is the Academy Award for Best Actress in a Leading Role.
What is the
Who did Friedrich Engels famously work with?  True:  Karl Marx  pred:   (from the earliest days of the aftermath of the September 11, 200
How many Rings of Power were there, in total?  True:  20  pred:   1, 2, 3, 4, 5,
Shashlik is what type of food dish?  True:  Kebab  pred:   Hint: Its origin is in southeastern Europe.
A. Russian cuisine
B.
Which television detective was created by Glenn Chandler?  True:  TAGGART  pred:   Hint: 20th Century-Fox hired Chandler to write a hard-boiled
Who co-wrote 'Some Other Rainbow' with Jill Morrell?  True:  JOHN McCARTHY  pred:   Aug 11, 2012
Displaying 1 - 16 of
In World War 2 what was the American equivalent of the Chindits?  True:  MERRILL' S MARAUDERS  pred:   Hint: Its first Chief of Staff was Lieutenant-Colonel George S. Patton
The Formula One Sepang International Circuit is in which country?  True:  Malaysia  pred:    The Formula One Autodromo Nazionale Monza is in which country?
Who is the engineer with the big triangular hair-style in the Dilbert cartoons?  True:  Alice  pred:   I can't remember his name, but why does he seem to be interested in
What Canadian province lies between British Columbia and Saskatchewan?  True:  Alberta  pred:   A. New Brunswick B. Manitoba C. Nova Scotia D. Nova Scotia

Caroline of Brunswick was the queen consort of which British King?  True:  GEORGE IV  pred:   Hint: She was the eldest daughter of King George II of Great Britain, and
Which city is known as the 'Pearl of the Danube'?  True:  Budapest  pred:   Hint: It is the largest city in Hungary.
A. Budapest
B.
For which film did Tatum O'Neal receive the Best Supporting Actress 'Oscar'?  True:  'PAPER MOON'  pred:   1. Ordinary People 2. Ordinary People 3. Ordinary People
In which country are the wine areas of Suhindol and Thrace?  True:  Bulgaria  pred:   In which country are the wine areas of Suhindol and Thrace?

Which book of the Old Testament is a collection of moral and ethical maxims?  True:  Proverbs  pred:   (a) The Book of Proverbs (b) The Book of Esther (
"From which language do we get the word ""dungarees""?"  True:  Hindi  pred:   The value of the literary/dramatic description of the Stone Age, on the
A throw of which number on each of a pair of dice is known as Snake Eyes?  True:  One  pred:   1) 2) 3) 4) 5)
What country in May 2015 became the first to legalize gay marriage by national referendum?  True:  Ireland  pred:   Hint: It's not the United States of America.
What country in May
Hanna Glawari is the title character in which operetta by Franz Lehár?  True:  THE MERRY WIDOW  pred:   1. Porgy and Bess 2. Evita 3
Fleurie, Morgon and Brouilly are wines from which French wine region?  True:  BEAUJOLAIS  pred:   1.
A. Beaujolais
B. Burgundy
C
Who created Rumpole of the Bailey?  True:  John Mortimer  pred:   Who stepped in to take over the role of Hercule Poirot?
Dr
After what is Fleet Street in London named?  True:  The river Fleet  pred:   1. Fleet Street 2. Charing Cross Road 3. Ch
In 2006, who was the first football player in World Cup history to win the ‘Best Young Player Award’?  True:  Lukas Podolski  pred:  <|begin_of_text|>Question: In 2006, who was the first football player in World
Who became the host of the BBC Radio 1 weekday breakfast show in September 2012?  True:  Nick Grimshaw  pred:   Louis Armstrong – real name Louis Armstrong Jr. was an American jazz trumpeter and
Supposedly a hangover cure, which drink consists of a raw egg, Worcestershire sauce and typically a hot sauce with condiments?  True:  PRAIRIE OYSTER  pred:   This is a real kick in the pants! This is a real kick in the
Which island produces Marsala wines?  True:  Sicily  pred:    The island of Sicily is home to the eponymous Marsala wine
Matthew Webb swam the English Channel and then drowned swimming where?  True:  NIAGARA FALLS  pred:    The slang words in this thesaurus category appear in this thesaurus
'Signal Failures' written by Dr. B. Ching is the title of a column that has appeared in which magazine?  True:  PRIVATE EYE  pred:   (U.S. News & World Report)
A. Redbook
B.
What year was the final Harry Potter book, Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows, released?  True:  2007  pred:   2007
What year was the final Harry Potter book, Harry Potter and
Who was the Republican Presidential Nominee in the 2008 American Election?  True:  John McCain  pred:   Page 1 of 5<|begin_of_text|>Question: Who was the Republican Presidential Nominee
"Which Scottish singer had hits with ""Maggie Mae"", ""Tonight's The Night"" and ""Do You Think I'm Sexy"", and has then turned to singing older standards?"  True:  Rod Stewart  pred:  "
Do You Think I'm Sexy? is a song by Scottish singer Rod Stewart
What is zoophobia a fear of?  True:  Animals  pred:   What is zoophobia a fear of?
What is zoophobia a fear of?

In 2009, a special design was used on the reverse of the 50p coin to commemorate the 250th anniversary of which establishment?  True:  Royal Botanical Gardens at Kew  pred:   Hint: It's not the 1960s.
In 2009,
Which insects live in a vespiary?  True:  Wasps  pred:    That’s the initial question non-professional entomologists grapple with
What alphabet is used in Russia?  True:  Cyrillic  pred:    The following alphabets are still in use in Russia: Cyrillic script
Which American science fiction television series, first aired from 1993 to 2002, tapped into public mistrust of governments and large institutions and interest in conspiracy theories and spirituality, centring on efforts to uncover the existence of extraterrestrial life?  True:  The X-Files  pred:   The X-Files is an American science fiction television series created by Chris Carter.
Which Oscar winning song came from the film Pocahontas  True:  Colours of the Wind  pred:  ?
Which Oscar winning song came from the film Pocahontas?
The
Ari Folman's acclaimed 2008 film was 'Waltz with...' whom?  True:  Bashir  pred:   Waltz with Bashir is based on the true story of Ari Folman,
By what name are the Essex one-day cricket team known?  True:  'EAGLES'  pred:   [closed]
What is the name of the Essex one-day cricket team?
Are
For which trade is Saville Row best known?  True:  Tailoring  pred:   Saville Row is one of the most famous fashion streets in the world. It
Who wrote the words to 'Land of Hope and Glory'?  True:  AC Benson  pred:   Who wrote the words to 'Land of Hope and Glory'?
Who wrote the
Who did John McEnroe beat to win his first Wimbledon singles final?  True:  Bjorn Borg  pred:  <|begin_of_text|>Question: Who did John McEnroe beat to win his first Wimbledon singles
"What was the code-name for the reporters Bernstein and Woodward's contact during their investigation of the ""Watergate"" scandal?"  True:  Deep Throat  pred:   The Johnson White House had a great deal of information on the Watergate break-in
What famous ancient city is on the river Tiber?  True:  Rome  pred:   What famous ancient city is on the river Tiber?
What famous ancient city is
"Which king of the UK had the nickname The Uncle of Europe""?"  True:  Edward VII  pred:   (pronounced "Colonel Blimp") was a British World War I flying
What country has the largest amount of rainforest?  True:  Brazil  pred:    The Central African Republic is the country with the largest amount of rainforests
Which TV network is based in Doha, Qatar?  True:  Al Jazeera  pred:   1. Al Jazeera 2. beIN Sports 3. beIN
With what area of expertise do you associate the name of Annie Leibovitz?  True:  PHOTOGRAPHY  pred:   Please introduce yourself.
My name is Annie Leibovitz. I am a
Which private railway line runs between Kidderminster and Bridgnorth?  True:  Severn Valley  pred:   1480
Which private railway line runs between Kidderminster and Bridgn
What was the Paramount Film Company originally called?  True:  Famous Players Film Company  pred:   Hint: Its name is the same as the running time of it's first film
Which car manufacturer produces a model called the RAV4?  True:  Toyota  pred:   1. Toyota 2. Honda 3.Volkswagen 4
Which is the only internal organ that can regenerate itself?  True:  Liver  pred:   1. the myocardium 2. the myocardium 3. the
In which building is Napoleon Bonaparte buried?  True:  Les Invalides  pred:   [closed]
Napoleon Bonaparte was proclaimed Emperor of the French in
Which band released a 2001 album entitled ‘Amnesiac’?  True:  Radiohead  pred:   Hint: the album reached number one in the UK Album Chart in 2001
Which is the highest mountain in North America?  True:  MT MCKINLEY  pred:   Hint: it's not Mount Everest. Hint: it's not Mount McKinley
Who was the original bass guitarist with The Who  True:  John Entwhistle  pred:  ?
A. Pete Townshend
B. John Entwistle
C
In measurement, a hand is equal to how many inches?  True:  Four  pred:   How many inches is 1 hand? How many inches is 2 hands?
Whose portrait (other than the Queen) is depicted on the current £20 note?  True:  Adam Smith  pred:   (Urmee Khan, June 10, 2010)
CSV File
"Which work of literature starts with the lines: ""The past is a foreign country: they do things differently there""?"  True:  'THE GO-BETWEEN'  pred:   The adjective "future" has been used since at least the 14th century
Where sitting on his suitcase was Paddington bear found ?  True:  Paddington Station  pred:   The Hauntings at Arundel Castle
Where sitting on his suitcase was
Which religion's holy book is the Adi Granth?  True:  Sikh(ism)  pred:   Which religion's holy book is the Bhagavad Gita? Which religion's
Which of the 'Spice Girls' advertised 'Milky Way' ob t.v.?  True:  EMMA BUNTON (Baby Spice)  pred:   Which of the 'Spice Girls' advertised 'Milky Way' ob t
What was painter Rubens first name?  True:  Peter  pred:   What was painter Rubens first name?
What was painter Rubens first name?

Which part of the body can suffer from cirrhosis?  True:  Liver  pred:   Which part of the body can suffer from cirrhosis?
A. liver

Complete the proverb: All work and no play...?  True:  Makes Jack a dull boy  pred:   1. 2. 3. 4. 5.
What type of hat does Indiana Jones wear?  True:  Fedora  pred:   What type of hat does Indiana Jones wear?
What type of hat does Indiana Jones
"Which of the United States is known as the ""Sunflower"" state?"  True:  KANSAS  pred:  "
"Which of the United States is known as the ""Sunflower"" state
The official beverage of Puerto Rico since 1978, what drink consists of rum, coconut cream, and pineapple juice?  True:  Pina Colada  pred:   a) Tequila Sunrise b) Matador c) Matador Sunrise d)
The 1950’s Mau Mau uprising was against the British occupation of which country?  True:  Kenya  pred:   (a) Kenya (b) Tanzania (c) Uganda (d) Nigeria
Who was the husband of Lady Jane Grey?  True:  Lord Guildford Dudley  pred:   (2023)
1 Who was the husband of Lady Jane Grey?
2 What
Which 2001 film starring Joseph Fiennes and Ed Harris is about two opposing snipers facing each other during the Battle of Stalingrad?  True:  'ENEMY AT THE GATES'  pred:   Hint: Its themes illustrate the 20th century's 20,000-year
Omar Sharif played the title character in the 1965 film of what 1957 novel by the Russian writer Boris Pasternak?  True:  Dr Zhivago  pred:   The Painted Veil
Omar Sharif played the title character in the
In which sport did Olympic gold medallists Roger Ducret, Lucien Gaudin, Laura Flessel-Colovic, Gaston Alibert, Pascale Trinquet, Christian d'Oriola, Jehan Buhan and Albert Robert Ayat represent France?  True:  Fencing  pred:   Hint: Lyon 1900
In which sport did Olympic gold medallists
"In which movie did Garbo say, ""I want to be alone""."  True:  Grand Hotel  pred:   The answer is Orson Welles's "Citizen Kane" (1941
Known as The Mother of Presidents or The Heart of It All, what state was the 17th state to join the union on March 1, 1803?  True:  Ohio  pred:    The origins of the State of Michigan can be traced back to 1835
Who coined the phrase 'Somebody up there likes me'?  True:  ROCKY GRAZIANO  pred:   Who coined the phrase 'Somebody up there likes me'?
Who coined the
Which organisation was founded by the lawyer Peter Benenson in London in 1961?  True:  Amnesty International  pred:   (a) Amnesty International (b) Canadian Friends of Amnesty International (c)
Lasting from 1299 to 1922, the Ottoman empire roughly corresponds to what modern day country?  True:  Turkey  pred:   Hint: it's the Middle East.
A.
B.
C.
"Who duetted with Bryan Adams on the 1985 hit ""It's Only Love""?"  True:  Tina Turner  pred:  "
"Who duetted with Bryan Adams on the 1985 hit ""
What was Kerry Packer's media company called?  True:  CONSOLIDATED PRESS  pred:   2019-10-25
What was Kerry Packer's media company
Who in verse sailed to the land where the bong tree grows  True:  The owl and the pussycat  pred:  ?
Who in verse sailed to the land where the bong tree grows?
 

The Caloris Basin is the largest crater on which planet?  True:  MERCURY  pred:  `s Moon of the Solar System.
A. Mercury
B. Venus

Dow Constantine and Susan Hutchinson are currently running for was position?  True:  King County Executive  pred:   What do you think?  If you are a citizen of the United States and
What Greek mythological figure, who apparently cut quite the figure, was doomed to waste away staring at his own reflection?  True:  Narcissus  pred:   Charon, the ferryman who ferried the dead across the river Styx
Basutoland is now known as what?  True:  Lesotho  pred:   A. Lesotho B. Swaziland C. Botswana D.
In the Tour de France who wears the polka dot jersey?  True:  The king of the mountain  pred:   Dave Brailsford, the head coach of Team Sky, can’t wait to
The majority of the land area of Africa lies in which hemisphere?  True:  Northern  pred:   (a) Southern Hemisphere (b) Northern Hemisphere (c) Equatorial (
Which group did Steve Marriot go on to form when he left the 'Small Faces'?  True:  'HUMBLE PIE'  pred:   A) The Faces B) The Shadows C) The Rolling Stones D) The
The song ‘White Dress’ by Kanye West is from which 2012 martial arts film?  True:  The Man With the Iron Fists  pred:    The song ‘White Dress’ by Kanye West is from which 2012
Who was the author of 'The Old Curiosity Shop'?  True:  Charles Dickens  pred:   Who was the author of 'Great Expectations'? Who was the author of '
"Who won ""Hell's Kitchen 2009"" on Television?"  True:  LINDA EVANS  pred:  "
"Who won ""Hell's Kitchen 2009"" on Television?""

What scientist sailed on the HMS Beagle?  True:  Charles Darwin  pred:   1480 AD
What scientist sailed on the HMS Beagle? 148
'An Island Parish' is a documentary series on BBC2, in which islands were the first four series set?  True:  Scilly Isles  pred:  .

According to the BBC website, the series tells the story of the people who
On which island is the city of Knossos, once the capital of the ancient Minoan civilisation?  True:  CRETE  pred:    The Bronze Age palace of Knossos, also known as the Palace of
Which is the smallest marine mammal?  True:  SEA OTTER  pred:   Which is the largest animal in the world? Which is the largest mammal in
The name of which month is used for a letter in the phonetic alphabet?  True:  NOVEMBER  pred:   1. 2. 3. 4. 5.
Which film features the Dawes Tomes Mousley Grubbs Fidelity Fiduciary Bank?  True:  Mary Poppins  pred:   The Statue of Liberty Leading the People (sometimes called the Statue of Liberty Leading the
What compete at the Burghley Trials, Badminton, the Rolex Kentucky Three Day, the Adelaide Trials, the Luhmhlen Trials and the toiles de Pau?  True:  Horse riders  pred:   Today, we examine the race overview for the Suntory Pau triathlon
Had war not intervened, which city would have hosted the 1916 Olympics?  True:  Berlin  pred:   1. Athens 2. Athens 3. Athens 4. Athens
What de-facto independent country does China claim ownership of?  True:  Taiwan  pred:    The United States of America
The United States of America does not recognise the
What was the name of Michael Jackson's second wife?  True:  Debbie Rowe  pred:   What was the name of Michael Jackson's second wife?
What was the name of
Which country’s President resides in a mansion called the Casa Rosada (Pink House)?  True:  Argentina  pred:   Which country’s President resides in a mansion called the Casa Rosada (Pink House
Which French artist joined a Post-Impressionist group, started the Synthetist movement and worked in Tahiti from 1891 to 1893, and 1895 to 1901?  True:  Paul Gauguin  pred:   (Choose the best answer.)
A. Albert Gleizes
B. Henri M
Nicknamed the cannibal, who is the only rider to have won all three jerseys in the same year in the Tour de France?  True:  Eddy Merckx  pred:   1. Belgian Eddy Merckx is the only rider to have won
A clapperboard is used in which industry?  True:  Film  pred:   1. 2. 3. 4. 5.
Trumpets and trombones are most commonly pitched at?  True:  Bb  pred:   A. F. B. C. D. E. F. G.
What is the Great Smoo?  True:  A Cave  pred:   Faster! Cheaper! Cheaper! Cheaper! Cheaper! Cheaper
Which famous scientist lived at Down house in Kent?  True:  CHARLES DARWIN  pred:   Which famous scientist lived at Down house in Kent?
Which famous scientist lived at Down
Frank Sinatra would have celebrated which birthday in 2015?  True:  100  pred:   Frank Sinatra was born on February 12, 1915, in Hoboken
The trade union Unison was formed by a merger of NALGO, NUPE and which other union?  True:  COHSE  pred:   Hint: Its acronym stands for National Union of Mineworkers
The trade union
The capital city of Nunavut, Iqaluit lies on which large island?  True:  Baffin Island  pred:    The capital city of Nunavut, Iqaluit lies on which
On average, a Big Mac contains 178 of what ingredient?  True:  SESAME SEEDS  pred:   1) trans fat 2) fat 3) cholesterol 4)
Complete the sequence: Johnson, Nixon, Ford....?  True:  JIMMY CARTER  pred:   A. Johnson was the 36th President of the United States. B.
Which US state was known as the 'State of Franklin' from 1784 until 1788?  True:  TENNESSEE  pred:   Hint: The U.S. Supreme Court settled the matter in a decision handed down
Mitt Romney was Governor of which state 2003-7?  True:  Massachusetts  pred:   Hint: He was sworn in as Governor in January of 2003. Which
"Who was the subject of the 2007 film ""La Vie En Rose""?"  True:  Edith Piaf  pred:  "
"Who was the subject of the 2007 film ""La Vie En
Who was named the best player at Euro 2012 by UEFA ?  True:  (Andres) INIESTA  pred:   Who won the FIFA Ballon d'Or in 2012? Who won
Who wrote the Napoleonic war novels featuring Stephen Maturin?  True:  (Patrick) O'Brian  pred:   Who sold the film rights to the novel Ben Hur? Who sold the film rights
What does someone need to wear if they are myopic?  True:  Glasses  pred:   What does someone need to wear if they are astigmatism? What does someone
Who was the only British medal winner at the 2010 Winter Olympics?  True:  AMY WILLIAMS  pred:   Who was the only British medal winner at the 2010 Winter Olympics?
Who
Which 5th/6th Century Buddhist monk is described in Chinese texts as ‘The Blue-Eyed Barbarian’?  True:  Bodhidharma  pred:   (a) Aśvagho  a (b) Aś
Which Italian artist painted 'The School of Athens'?  True:  Raphael  pred:   The Sistine Chapel ceiling was painted between 1508 and 1512.
Technically a shoal of fish becomes a school of fish when it is?  True:  Swimming in the same direction  pred:   A set of herring, trout, sturgeon, etc. is called a
How many symphonies did Jean Sibelius compose?  True:  Seven  pred:   How many symphonies did Edvard Grieg compose? How many symphon
In which film did Johnny Depp play a policeman called Ichabod Crane?  True:  Sleepy Hollow  pred:   1. Ed Wood 2. Ed Wood 2. Ed Wood
Which American singer's music publishing company was called Gladys Music?  True:  Elvis Presley  pred:   Hint: It owes its name to the "Gladys" stunt performed by
On a standard dartboard, which number lies between 12 and 20?  True:  5  pred:   1) 12 2) 14 3) 16
What is the name of the neo-Norman fantasy castle situated close to Bangor, between Snowdonia and the Menai strait ? It was built in the early 19th century by a family who made their money from sugar and Welsh slate, and is now in the care of the National Trust.  True:  PENRHYN  pred:   It was donated to the National Trust by the Rashleigh family in 1929
What is the honour system founded by Napoleon in 1802 that has five classes including Grand Cross and Officer?  True:  Legion of Honour  pred:   1. 2. 3. 4. 5.
The Misses World for both 1999 and 2000 represented which country?  True:  India  pred:   1. Australia 2. Germany 3. Germany 4. Australia
What Detroit-area stadium was sold in 2009 for just $583,000?  True:  The Silverdome  pred:   The Detroit Tigers' Comerica Park, of course.
The city of Detroit
The cover of which of Pink Floyd’s LP covers features Battersea Power Station?  True:  ANIMALS  pred:   1. Ummagumma 2. The Dark Side of the
Who, during a radio microphone test in 1984 said, 'I just signed legislation which outlaws Russia forever The bombing begins in five minutes?  True:  Ronald Reagan  pred:  '
Who, during a radio microphone test in 1984 said, 'I
What is the symbol for the chemical element protactinium, atomic number 91?  True:  Pa  pred:    "Protactinium" is the symbol for the chemical element protactinium
The National Bagpipe Museum is not in Scotland, in which English town or city is it?  True:  MORPETH  pred:   1 Answer
The National Bagpipe Museum is not in Scotland, in which
A chemical reaction accelerated by adding a separate recyclable substance is?  True:  Catalysis  pred:   1. an exothermic reaction 2. an endothermic reaction
Strangles is a bacterial infection of the respiratory tract of which animal?  True:  Horse  pred:   etc
A. Goats
B. Goats
C. Goats
In which US state is the Innoko River?  True:  ALASKA  pred:   The Innoko River is a tributary of the Yukon River in the
Who directed the 1941 film ‘The Maltese Falcon’?  True:  John Huston  pred:   When was the film released? What was the star of the film and who played
During which battle did Davey Crockett lose his life?  True:  The Alamo  pred:   Hint: Its not the Alamo.
During which battle did Davey Crockett
What is the name of the sport in which your opponent tries to knock you off a floating spinning log  True:  Birling  pred:  ?
What is the name of the sport in which your opponent tries to knock you
From which country did French horns originate?  True:  Germany  pred:   Hint: Its name is derived from the French word "musette", which means
"Where in the human body would you find the ""Island of Reil""?"  True:  The Brain  pred:  "
Posted by Volkan Yuksel on January 10, 2006
Angiosperm (from Greek 'angeion', bottle) is a major scientific classification of land plants which have seeds and?  True:  Flowers  pred:  , although there are many exceptions to this rule. Angiosperms are native to
What is prussic acid, found in bitter almonds and laurel leaves, also known as?  True:  Hydrocyanic acid  pred:    Behavior of prussic acid, found in bitter almonds and laurel leaves
"Which late 19th century English illustrator was ""rediscovered"" due to an exhibition from 19 May to 19 September 1966 at the Victoria and Albert Museum, London, which introduced his work to a new generation and began a craze that lasted into the 1970s?"  True:  Aubrey Beardsley  pred:   ISBN: 978-0-19-861452-4
One of
The town of Keswick in Cumbria lies just north of which body of water?  True:  DERWENT WATER  pred:    The town of Keswick in Cumbria lies just north of which body
What nationality was the botanist Carolus Linnaeus?  True:  Swedish  pred:   He was born in 1707 in Uppsala, Sweden. He was
Starting 30 years of conflict, the Eritrean War of Independence broke out on Sept 1, 1961, as Eritrean separatists fought for independence from what country?  True:  Ethiopia  pred:   Hint: Its territory is made up of Somalia, Ethiopia and Djibouti
General Augusto Pinochet was the former dictator of which South American country?  True:  Chile  pred:   1. Chile 2. Uruguay 3. Paraguay 4.
What was the name of the racehorse owned by the Queen Mother and ridden by Dick Francis that collapsed whilst leading the 1956 Grand National with just 45 metres to the winning post?  True:  DEVON LOCH  pred:   It was ridden by Lester Piggott, however, he was unseated
Who was the first US president Barbara Walters interviewed?  True:  Nixon  pred:   Who was the first US president Barbara Walters interviewed?
Who was the first US president
In which Indian city is Eden Gardens, the second largest test cricket ground in the world?  True:  KOLKATA  pred:   (a) Mumbai (b) Chennai (c) New Delhi (d)
"In a famous speech by Winston Churchill on 4 June 1940 that began ""We shall fight in France, we shall fight on the seas and oceans"", he went on to say that ""we shall fight"" in the air, on the beaches, on the landing grounds, in the fields, in the streets, and where else?"  True:  In the hills  pred:  ????????
What is the common name for the species of large cattle, Bos primigenius, once prevalent in Europe, that was hunted to extinction in 1627?  True:  AUROCHS  pred:   Hint: Its Latin name is Bos primigenius sapiens.

The correct answer
The painting A Dance to the Music of Time 1634 - 1635 displayed in the Wallace Collection, London is by which artist?  True:  Nicholas Poussin  pred:   1. Edward Burne-Jones 2. Edward Burne-Jones
In the nineteenth century Benjamin West, Thomas Lawrence and John Millais were President of which institution?  True:  ROYAL ACADEMY  pred:   (a) Royal Academy (b) Royal Academy of Arts (c) Royal
Which hit making pop group played the backing for the Everley Brothers 'Til I Kissed You  True:  The Crickets  pred:  ' and by the end of the twentieth century had reached the top of the charts
From the Latin meaning of clip/cut, what hairstyle symbolizes religious devotion?  True:  Tonsure  pred:   What's the Anglicized-Spanish plural form of cantar? What's
Traitor's Gate is part of which building?  True:  Tower of London  pred:   1.    Macbeth 2.    Macbeth 3.   
Which city is the home of the Palais du Luxembourg?  True:  Paris  pred:   1. Paris 2. London 3. Brussels 4. Brussels
Which European country’s national rail network is known as RENFE?  True:  Spain  pred:   Hint: Its capital is Madrid.
A. Spain
B. China
C
Which flower has the Latin name Hyacinthoides non scripta?  True:  BLUEBELL  pred:   (a)Oxlip (b)Oxlip (c)O
Abraham Maslow's 'Hierarchy of Needs' theory explains?  True:  Motivation  pred:   1.
Abraham Maslow's 'Hierarchy of Needs' theory explains?
On what island would you find the city of Palermo?  True:  Sicily  pred:    The city of Palermo is located on the island of Sicily.
In which film does Dustin Hoffman play Enrico Salvatore (Ratso) Rizzo?  True:  MIDNIGHT COWBOY  pred:   In which film does Dustin Hoffman play Enrico Salvatore (Ratso)
A speechwriter for both Ford and Nixon, before becoming actor and comedian, who won a Emmy award as host of a game show in which you could win $5000 of his own money?  True:  Win Ben Steins Money  pred:   When he returned to rehab for treatment of alcoholism, he was unable to "
Prior to 1930, the Eiffel Tower held the record for what?  True:  The worlds tallest building  pred:   The Eiffel Tower surpassed the Washington Monument to become the tallest man-made structure
Joe Gargery is a character in which Charles Dickens novel?  True:  Great Expectations  pred:   A. The Pickwick Papers B. David Copperfield C. Bleak House
Isoprene, Butyl and Nitrile are all types of which substance?  True:  Rubber  pred:   Isoprene, Butyl and Nitrile are all types of which substance
What percentage of Mike Tyson's 1995 earnings came from endorsements?  True:  Zero  pred:   1) 51% 2) 20% 3)
Which musical work of 1898 features a section called 'Nimrod'?  True:  Enigma Variations  pred:   Hint: Its composer was Claude Debussy who was born in 1862.

Who is credited with the discovery of the tomb of King Tutankhamen in 1922?  True:  Howard Carter  pred:   Hint: Its not Tutankhamen.
 
Sir Howard Carter is credited with
Who is the patron saint of music? (Feast Day 22nd November)  True:  St. Cecilia  pred:   The patron saint of music is St. Cecilia, who was tied to a
I n dressmaking what are featherweight, skirt weight and open ended  True:  Zips  pred:   fabrics?
 
I n dressmaking what are featherweight, skirt weight and open
Which baseball team won the World Series in 2011?  True:  St Louis Cardinals  pred:   The Los Angeles Dodgers won the World Series in 2011, defeating the Giants
Davy Crocket was killed at the Alamo, which other famous American pioneer died in the same action?  True:  Jim Bowie  pred:   Hint: He was killed May 8, 1836. Which is the
Who voiced Count Duckula in an animated 1980's and 1990's television series of the same name?  True:  David Jason  pred:   He was voiced by Frank Welker. Sherman Klump appears in the 199
Cassandra was the pseudonym of which writer in the Daily Mirror?  True:  William Connor  pred:   1. Sir Arthur Conan Doyle 2. Bram Stoker 3.
Goosnargh Corn-fed Chicken and Duck is championed by chefs and five of the ten Lancashire cheese dairies listed by the British Cheese Board are located in Goosnargh parish, in which town or city is Goosnargh?  True:  Preston  pred:    The answer is Goosnargh.
Goosnargh Manor
Which opera by Borodin features the Polovtsian Dances?  True:  PRINCE IGOR  pred:   A. Prince Igor B. Prince Igor C. Prince Igor D. Prince Igor
Who played the part of 'Jack Sugden' in 'Emmerdale' for 28 years? He died in July of this year (2008).  True:  CLIVE HORNBY  pred:   Who played the part of 'Jack Sugden' in 'Emmerdale'
Which group had a UK No.1 hit in 1983 with a cover version of Yazoo's Only You?  True:  The Flying Pickets  pred:   The Eurythmics)
A Clockwork Orange (1971)
Death
Which arid region of Ethiopia was invaded by Somalia in 1977?  True:  THE OGADEN  pred:   Hint: Its capital is Addis Ababa.
Which arid region of Ethiopia
What was first demonstrated by Alexander Graham Bell at the Philadelphia Exhibition in 1876?  True:  Telephone  pred:   Hint: It was one of the many highlights of the Westinghouse Company's
What is the currency of Lithuania?  True:  Litas  pred:   What is the currency of Moldova? What is the currency of Saudi Arabia?
In which musical is the main male character called Billy Bigelow?  True:  Carousel  pred:   1. West Side Story 2. Guys and Dolls 3.
Five ninths of three fifths is a?  True:  Third  pred:
A. 3/5
B. 3/15
C
Shirley Temple served as US Ambassador to which African country from 1974 – 1976?  True:  GHANA  pred:   (a) Ghana (b) Dahomey (c) Congo (d
What colour are the flowers of a hawkbit plant?  True:  Yellow  pred:   1.
What colour are the flowers of a hawkbit plant? 2
In Greek mythology which king of Corinth was compelled to eternally roll a large boulder up a hill only to watch it roll down again?  True:  Sisyphus  pred:   (Greek mythology)
In Greek mythology which king of Corinth was compelled to etern
Cable News Network (CNN), the first channel to provide 24-hour television news coverage, was founded by Ted Turner in what year?  True:  1980  pred:   
A. 1980
B. 1988
C.
What was the first name of the jazz trombonist Kid Ory?  True:  Edward  pred:   What was the first name of the jazz trombonist Bix Beiderbeck
By what name is James Osterberg popularly known?  True:  Iggy Pop  pred:
James Osterberg is popularly known as James Osterberg. He
What author penned a satirical essay in 1729, entitled A Modest Proposal, modestly proposing that the poor should eat their babies?  True:  Jonathan Swift  pred:   (a) Giambattista Vico (b) Jonathan Swift (c
Rapunzel, Mother Gothel and Paulo are all characters in which 2010 animated film?  True:  Tangled  pred:   Hint: Its a 3D animated film based on The Little Mermaid.

What aspect of the folktale Hansel and Gretel has been adapted in user-interface design to help users navigate among various screens?  True:  Bread crumbs  pred:   What are some of the techniques used? How have these techniques changed over time?
Written by Earl Derr Biggers in 1925, 'The House Without A Key' was the first novel to feature which Chinese- American detective?  True:  CHARLIE CHAN  pred:   1) Philo Vance 2) Sam Spade 3) Nick
Which singer picked up three Ivor Novello awards in May, including songwriter of the year for her hit single, The Fear?  True:  Lily Allen  pred:   This is not Miley Cyrus. This is Guns N’ Roses's Axl
What was the name of Catherine Zeta Jones character in The Darling Buds of May  True:  Mariette  pred:  ?
What was the name of Catherine Zeta Jones character in The Darling Buds
Which company, founded in 2009, provides an app-based taxi service that uses crowd-sourced drivers?  True:  Uber  pred:   Hint: Its main revenue stream is advertising.
A. Easy Taxi
B.
"Mukhtar Al-Bakri, Sahim Alwan, Faysal Galab, Shafal Mosed, Yaseinn Taher and Yahya Goba were collectively known as the ""Lackawanna Six"" and by what other name?"  True:  The Buffalo Six  pred:  [http://www.cbsnews.com/stories/2010/03/
In 1996, Dolly the Sheep was successfully cloned in which European country?  True:  Scotland  pred:   1. Australia 2. Austria 3. Switzerland 4. Canada
In the BBC TV series, how are Antonio Carlucci and Genaro Contaldo better known?  True:  Two Greedy Italians  pred:   Enthusiasts of Italian cuisine will know them as head chef of Carlu
Alex Turner is the lead vocalist of which rock band?  True:  Arctic Monkeys  pred:   1) the Arctic Monkeys 2) the Kaiser Chiefs 3)
In which Irish city is the Abbey Theatre?  True:  Dublin  pred:   1. Dublin 2. Cork 3. Galway 4.
In which year were Queen Victoria and Prince Albert married; the uniform penny post introduced in the UK; Tchaikovsky was born?  True:  1840  pred:   1480, 1910, 1840, 1825

The magazine Private Eye refers to Her Majesty the Queen by which name?  True:  BRENDA  pred:   [closed]
The magazine Private Eye refers to Her Majesty the Queen by which name
A banderillero is a member of a team called a cuadrilla, in which controversial activity?  True:  Bullfighting  pred:   1. 2. 3. 4. 5.
Vestiphobia is the irrational fear of which items?  True:  Clothes  pred:   (a) Erectile dysfunction (b) Mental illness (c) Mental retardation
From the Greek word sphygmós, meaning pulse, what is the inflatable cuff pressure meter called which measures human blood pressure?  True:  Sphygmomanometer  pred:   A. medical ventilator B. medical ventilator C. medical ventilator D
Who was British Prime Minister at the end of the Second World War?  True:  Clement Attlee  pred:   1. Winston Churchill 2. Neville Chamberlain 3. Clement Att
'Captain Yossarian' is the central character of which 20th century novel?  True:  'CATCH 22'  pred:   [closed]
What is the name of the character in Kurt Vonnegut
In US motor racing, what colour flag would the driver see for 'one lap to go'?  True:  White  pred:   (pronounced "one lap to go" as in "one lap to go
In what year did Torville and Dean (Jane and Christopher) win their first Olympic gold, scoring 12 perfect sixes in their free-dance routine?  True:  1984  pred:   (Ursula K. Le Guin)
In what year did Torville
In which year did John Stonehouse disappear and the Flixborough chemical plant exploded?  True:  1974  pred:   1974 in which year did John Stonehouse disappear and the Flixb
Who wrote the novel 'The Beach' on which the film was based?  True:  ALEX GARLAND  pred:   Hint: The novel was written before the film was made.
Who wrote the novel
On which part of the body would a Japanese person wear a geta?  True:  Foot  pred:   What is a “geta”?
A geta is a Japanese slipper
The world was first aware of the Chernobyl disaster after detectors were triggered at a nuclear plant in which country?  True:  Sweden  pred:    The world was first aware of the Chernobyl disaster after detectors were triggered
The 2006 Grammy Award for the Best Musical Theatre recording were John Du Prez & Eric Idle (producers & composers) and Eric Idle (lyricist) for which show?  True:  Monty Python's Spamalot  pred:   National Lampoon's Lemmings
The 2006 Grammy Award for the
Give the surname of the classical music piano soloist sisters, Katia and Marielle?  True:  LABEQUE  pred:   (a.k.a. Katia & Marielle Labèque) but try
In which year did children’s television show ‘Sesame Street’ debut on US television?  True:  1969  pred:   Hint: an example of the use of the woolly mammoth in at least
Which of the Great Train Robbers became a florist outside Waterloo station until he was found hanged in a lock up  True:  Buster Edwards  pred:  ?
Which of the Great Train Robbers became a florist outside Waterloo station until
What movie had a sexy, supernatural pottery scene?  True:  Ghost  pred:   1 trivia question total.
What movie had a sexy, supernatural pottery scene?

Canaletto is famous for his landscapes of Venice and which other city?  True:  London  pred:   [closed]
Canaletto is famous for his landscapes of Venice and which
Which well known 1987 film, featured a character named Private Pyle, played by Vincent D'Onofrio?  True:  FULL METAL JACKET  pred:   Hint: It is a wife beater.<|end_of_text|><|end_of_text|><|end_of_text|><|end_of_text|><|end_of_text|><|end_of_text|><|end_of_text|>
What is the origin of the word Punic as in the Punic Wars?  True:  CARTHAGE  pred:   En.wikipedia.org/wiki/Punic_Wars
What is the origin of the word
The island called Martha's Vineyard off the south of Cape Cod in New England is in which state of the USA?  True:  Massachusetts  pred:    The island called Martha's Vineyard off the south of Cape Cod in New
What is either a popular cocktail, or the nickname of an English queen?  True:  Bloody Mary  pred:   (He proposed to her over the phone towards the fall of 2011,
Which Muppet from the television series shares a name with a former US President?  True:  Grover  pred:   1. Miss Piggy 2. Fozzie Bear 3.
Which was the first group to have a number one hit in the USA for Motown Records?  True:  The Marvelettes  pred:   Hint: Aug 2012
Which was the first group to have a number
LNER Flying Scotsman, built in 1923, became in 1934 the first (What?) to attain 100mph?  True:  Steam train  pred:   The "Flying Scotsman" was the world's first railway steam locomotive to
"Used to describe insects such as the Mayfly that only live for a short time, what word derives from the Greek for ""living a day""?"  True:  EPHEMERAL  pred:   - Wiktionary
"Used to describe insects such as the Mayfly that
The opera Gloriana is by which English composer?  True:  BENJAMIN BRITTEN  pred:    The opera Gloriana is by which American composer?  The opera Gl
A novel by General Lew Wallace published in 1880 was made into which films in 1926 (a silent movie) and 1959 (produced by William Wyler)?  True:  Ben Hur  pred:   Hint: The book is "Ben-Hur: A Tale of the Christ".

Which London residential suburb is the site of Lord’s Cricket Ground?  True:  St John’s Wood  pred:   1. 2. 3. 4. 5.
The Collegiate Church of St Peter in London is more popularly known by what name?  True:  Westminster Abbey  pred:    The Collegiate Church of St Peter in London is more popularly known by
Which American golfer, winner of three majors, was tragically killed in a plane crash on October 25th 1999, at the time of his death he was the reigning US Open Champion?  True:  PAYNE STEWART  pred:   (U.S. Open)
Which American golfer, winner of three majors,
The Battle of Vimy Ridge took place in which country during World War l?  True:  France  pred:  ?
The Battle of Vimy Ridge took place in which country during World War I
What is a group of jellyfish called?  True:  Smack  pred:   ›
The Indo-Pacific Portuguese man-of-war (Physalia physalis) is
Fruit, cricket and horseshoe are varieties of what type of animal?  True:  Bat  pred:   A. humans
B. humans
C. humans
D. humans

Who was the founder of the 'Mormon Church'?  True:  JOSEPH SMITH  pred:   Which of the following sections of the Book of Mormon is Paul's epistle to
On which instrument would a ‘paradiddle’ be played?  True:  Drums  pred:    From the earliest records of the polyphonic style of music from the
Admiral Sir John Jellicoe commanded the British fleet at the Battle of Jutland, the largest naval battle of World War I, against a fleet from which country?  True:  Germany  pred:   [closed]
The Battle of Jutland was the largest naval battle of World
In the Bible, how many psalms make up the Book of Psalms?  True:  150  pred:   ›
In the Bible, how many psalms make up the Book of
"What profession requires the artist to know about ""F stops""?"  True:  Photography  pred:   The Peninsular War, 1807-1814
The Penins
The Kalahari Desert lies chiefly in which country?  True:  Botswana  pred:   (a) Ethiopia (b) South Africa (c) Botswana (d
Who played Penny in Just Good Friends  True:  Jan Francis  pred:  ?
Who played Penny in Just Good Friends?
Who played Penny in Just Good Friends
Which English football league club is based in Burslem?  True:  Port Vale  pred:   Which English football league club is based in Dorchester? Which English football league club
In 1996, Dolly the Sheep was successfully cloned in which European country?  True:  Scotland  pred:   (a) Austria (b) France (c) Germany (d) -
Taking its name from the Portuguese words for wine and garlic, which hot curry originated in Goa?  True:  Vindaloo  pred:   This is one of the most popular dishes in the village of Reis Magos
Released in 1962, which was the first of the 'Carry On ....' films to be released in colour?  True:  'CARRY ON CRUISING'  pred:   1) Carry On Sergeant 2) Carry On Spying 3)
How many medals did the United States win at the 2010 Winter Olympics?  True:  37  pred:   How many medals did the United States win at the 2010 Winter Olympics?

What is the climate change agreement aimed at stabilizing greenhouse gas levels in the atmosphere, named after the Japanese city in which participating nations agreed its framework in 1997?  True:  Kyoto Protocol  pred:   A. Kyoto Protocol B. Kyoto Protocol C. Kyoto Protocol D. Kyoto Protocol
Charles Sands (USA), Margaret Abbot (USA) and George Lyon (Canada) were winners in what Olympic sport at the 1900 and 1904 games?  True:  Golf  pred:   The 1900 games were held in Paris, France and the 1904
What is the title of the 18th Century novel by Lawrence Sterne, which was published in nine volumes?  True:  (The Life and Opinions of) Tristram Shandy (Gentleman)  pred:   The Life and Opinions of Tristram Shandy, Gentleman
What
‘Quicksilver’ is another name for which metallic element?  True:  Mercury  pred:   (pronunciation)
A. lithium
B. gold
C. iron

If you were kicked on the tarsus where would it hurt  True:  Ankle  pred:  ?
If you were kicked on the tarsus where would it hurt?
Posted
Which town on the River Colne holds an annual Oyster Festival?  True:  Colchester  pred:   Which actress starred in the original King Kong in 1933? Which is the
Which city is the capital of the Spanish region of Aragon?  True:  Zaragoza  pred:   A) Zaragoza B) Alicante C) Murcia D) Mur
In the UK tv series ‘Mr Bean’, what model car does Mr Bean drive?  True:  Mini 1000  pred:   The answer is a Routemaster bus, which was one of the most recogn
American singer Ernest Evans called himself Chubby Checker to emulate the name of which other musician?  True:  Fats Domino  pred:   1. Elvis Presley 2. Chuck Berry 3. Little Richard
Who plays the role of Bubble in Absolutely Fabulous?  True:  Jane Horrocks  pred:   is it Katie McGrath who plays the role of Bubble in Absolutely Fabulous?
Which vocal quintet was put together in Manchester in 1990 by Nigel Martin-Smith?  True:  Take That  pred:   1) Faye Tozer 2) The Kumars 3)
Before the tradition of hanging stockings up at Christmas what did Dutch children hang by the fireside?  True:  Shoes  pred:   Friends Who Liked This Quote
I thought it would be of interest to write
Mel Gibson (1990) and Kenneth Branagh (1996) have both played which character in movies?  True:  Hamlet  pred:   Hint: Its a literary character from Quo Vadis?
A. Jesus Christ
Who wrote The Ugly Duckling  True:  Hans Christian Anderson  pred:  ?
The Ugly Duckling was written by Hans Christian Andersen in 1843
What film production company was named after brothers Harry (born Hirsz), Albert (born Aaron), Sam (born Szmul), and Jack (born Itzhak)?  True:  Warner Brothers  pred:   Hint: Its main office is located in New York City.
In the Middle Ages
What Arizona national park was formed over millions of years by the relentless efforts of the Colorado River?  True:  The Grand Canyon  pred:   Hint: Its average elevation is lower than that of the Grand Canyon.
A.
Angelica, Chuckie and Tommy feature in which cartoon tv series?  True:  RUGRATS  pred:   1. Gravity Falls 2. America's Funniest Home Videos 3
