"Question: <question> Answer: "

What musician formed a singing duo with Art Garfunkel in 1963?  True:  Paul Simon  pred:   Simon and Garfunkel
Simon and Garfunkel

The
Who was housekeeper to Sherlock Holmes?  True:  Mrs Hudson  pred:  1.
A. Mrs. Hudson
B. Mrs. Hudson
C.
"Who was known as the ""Moses of her people"" for leading escaped slaves to freedom during the US Civil War?"  True:  Harriet Tubman  pred:  1.
A. Frederick Douglass
B. Frederick Douglass
C.
What is the name of the convenience store operated by Apu on TVs The Simpson?  True:  Kwik-E-Mart  pred:  7-Eleven
A. store
B. convenience store
C.
What is the traditional beverage hoisted by the winners of the Indianapolis 500, a tradition that dates back to 1936?  True:  Milk  pred:  4711
A. milk
B. milk and cookies
C. milk
"Who played the part of the tragic Jennifer Cavalleri in the 1970 film, ""Love Story""?"  True:  ALI McGRAW  pred:  1) Kristy McNichol 2) Kristy McNichol
The Japanese condiment wasabi is produced from what part of the the wasabi plant?  True:  Roots  pred:  19.
A. roots
B. stems
C. leaves
D.
The third part of trilogy of Hobbit movies, released at the end of 2014, is called what?  True:  The Hobbit: The Battle of the Five Armies  pred:  3
Answer: The third part of trilogy of Hobbit movies, released at
What is the state capital of the US state of New Jersey?  True:  TRENTON  pred:   New Jersey is the state capital of the US state of New Jersey. Due to
"What is the name of the feast day in the Western Christian calendar which occurs on 29 September to honour the defeat of Lucifer in the battle for the heavens, for which the traditional meal includes goose (a ""stubble-goose"", i.e. one prepared around harvest time)?"  True:  Michaelmas  pred:  29 September is the Feast of the Assumption of the Blessed Virgin Mary. In
Which British submarine sank the General Belgrano in the Falklands War  True:  HMS Conqueror  pred:  2003
A. HMS Conqueror
B. HMS Talent
C
Italy is divided into how many regions?  True:  20  pred:  20
A. 8
B. 10
C. 11
Which Italian pasta's name means little spindles in English?  True:  Fusilli  pred:  1.
Which Italian pasta's name means little spindles in English?
The
"Sportscaster Jack Brickhouse who once said ""Any team can have a bad century"" provided play-by-play coverage of what American major league team's games from 1948 to 1981?"  True:  Chicago Cubs  pred:  76
A. Chicago Cubs
B. Chicago White Sox
C. Boston
Amr Shabana from Egypt is famous for playing which sport?  True:  Squash  pred:   The Rajiv Gandhi Khel Ratna Award and the Arjuna Award are
James A Michener wrote the stories upon which musical was based?  True:  South Pacific  pred:   The Flower Drum Song
Answer:  The Flower Drum Song
Answer:
Ascorbic acid is usually known as what?  True:  Vitamin C  pred:  17.
A. Pyridoxine
B. Thiamine
C
When Alex Ferguson joined Manchester United on November 6th 1986, who was manager of Liverpool?  True:  KENNY DALGLISH  pred:  1) Bill Shankly 2) Bill Shankly 3) Bill Shank
Which country is known as The Hashemite Kingdom?  True:  Jordan  pred:  1.
A. Egypt
B. Jordan
C. Israel
D.
Which modern day country was known until 1981 as British Honduras?  True:  BELIZE  pred:  11
A. Monaco
B. Portugal
C. Qatar
D.
"Complete the title of this James Bond film: ""From Russia With ... """  True:  Love  pred:  007: From Russia With Love
Answer: 007: From Russia With Love
A novel by General Lew Wallace published in 1880 was made into which films in 1926 (a silent movie) and 1959 (produced by William Wyler)?  True:  Ben Hur  pred:  1959
A. Ben-Hur
B. El Cid
C
"What poem contains the words, ""...Water, water, everywhere, Nor any drop to drink..."" ?"  True:  The Rime of the Ancient Mariner  pred:  26
A. "The Rime of the Ancient Mariner"
B.
May 4, 1904 saw the US begin construction the Canal, following the creation of the state of Panama from Columbian territory due to the iron backbone and bad-assed support of which US president?  True:  Theodore Roosevelt  pred:  1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6
In 1984, in Bophal, India, there was a leak of 30 tons of methyl isocyanate, which resulted in the deaths of 25,000 people. What American chemical company owned the plant where the leak occurred?  True:  UNION CARBIDE  pred:  3M
A. closed
B. eventually
C. theatre
D
What mythological beast has the head of a man, the body of a lion, and the tail and feet of a dragon?  True:  A manticore  pred:    the Chimera
A. cougar
B. turkey
C. turkey
"Which 19th century Englishman went to New Zealand to be a sheep farmer, visited Canada, and wrote ""Erewhon"", ""A Psalm of Montreal"" and ""The Way of All Flesh""?"  True:  Samuel Butler  pred:  1. H. G. Wells 2. Nathaniel Hawthorne 3
The name of which person born in Dublin is connected in English history with the locations of Vimiero, Talavera, Salamanca, Vittoria, Orthes and Waterloo?  True:  Duke of Wellington  pred:    Arthur Wellesley, 1st Duke of Wellington (1769-
The Freedom Cup is contested annually between the Rugby Union teams of New Zealand and which other country?  True:  SOUTH AFRICA  pred:   New Zealand
A. Australia
B. England
C. South Africa
Traditional Latin pluralization of Latin-originating words ending in 'us' is to replace the 'us' with?  True:  i  pred:  1
A. –illion
B. –illion
C. –illion
In April 1814 which King gained the French throne to begin the Bourbon Restoration?  True:  LOUIS XVIII  pred:   When Napoleon Bonaparte was defeated at the Battle of Waterloo in 1815
Which country produces the most of the world's olive oil?  True:  Spain  pred:  13.
A. Bangladesh
B. Bangladesh
C. Bangladesh
D.
Which, then fictional, award is mentioned in the opening scene of the 1950 film ‘All About Eve’, starring Bette Davis?  True:  The Sarah Siddons Award  pred:  1950 Academy Award for Best Actress
A. National Board of Review
B
What cereal crop is used to make single malt whisky in Scotland?  True:  Barley  pred:  1. corn 2. barley 3. wheat 4. oats
The Syrah grape variety makes wine that is?  True:  Red  pred:  100% Monastrell
A. sweet
B. white
C.
John Sell Cotman was a leading member of which group of artists?  True:  NORWICH SCHOOL  pred:  1.
A. Pre-Raphaelites
B. Romantics
C.
Which 1987 US film was based on the 1985 French film ‘Trois hommes et un couffin’?  True:  THREE MEN AND A BABY  pred:  1987 US film
A. Barton Fink
B. Raging Bull
Dame Ninette de Valois, the eminent ballet teacher, director, and founder of The Royal Ballet and Birmingham Royal Ballet, was born in which country?  True:  Ireland  pred:   Indian
Explanation: Dame Ninette de Valois, the eminent ballet teacher,
What is the American word for a short-hand typist?  True:  Stenographer  pred:  1. reporter 2. reporter 3. reporter 4. reporter
What dish, especially popular in parts of Wales and the English Midlands,  is traditionally made from pig's heart, liver and fatty belly meat or bacon minced together, with herbs added for flavouring and sometimes bread crumbs  True:  Faggots  pred:   laverbread
A.  Parkin
B.  andouil
Which Football League club play their home games at Kingsmeadow, also known as the Cherry Red Records Stadium?  True:  AFC WIMBLEDON  pred:  1) Barnsley 2) Crewe Alexandra 3) Watford
For which scientific discovery did Crick and Watson receive the 1962 Nobel Prize for Medicine?  True:  DNA structure  pred:  1962 Nobel Prize for Physiology or Medicine

The Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine
How was Moose the dog better known when he starred in a popular US sitcom?  True:  EDDIE  pred:   played a street-smart Jack Russell Terrier named "Moose"
A.
What company encourages you to "Think Outside the Bun"?  True:  Taco Bell  pred:  7-Eleven
A. Windows
B. AMD
C. Microsoft
Who won the World Professional Snooker Championship six times in the 1970s?  True:  Ray Reardon  pred:  1986–1990–1992–1993–1994–199
Which bird is known in French as 'merle'?  True:  BLACKBIRD  pred:  1.
A. The rifleman
B. The rifleman
C.
What nation put the first manmade satellite in orbit, the 3 first man in space and the first woman in space?  True:  U.S.S.R  pred:   Soviet Union
A. What nation put the first manmade satellite in orbit,
"What type of clothing is a ""sou-wester""?"  True:  Hat  pred:  1. almost all clothes. 2. almost all clothes. 3.
What is the name of the seven-branched candelabra used in the Jewish religion?  True:  Menorah  pred:  7-branched candelabrum
A. candelabrum

Who on TV is the Naked Chef  True:  Jamie Oliver  pred:   The Naked Chef
Dorothy Hodgkin, British chemist, credited with
Willis-Ekbom disease is more commonly known as?  True:  Restless leg syndrome  pred:  1cm
A. epilepsy
B. stroke
C. stroke
D
John Curtin became Prime Minister of which country in 1941?  True:  Australia  pred:  1
A. Australia
B. Canada
C. New Zealand
D
Who together with Vince Clarke, formed the pop duo 'Yazoo'?  True:  ALISON MOYET  pred:   (a) Jeremy Ryder (b) Jeremy Ryder (c) Jeremy Ryder (
"Which Latin phrase, that translates literally as ""under the rose"", means 'secretly' or 'in confidence'?"  True:  SUB ROSA  pred:  1. "Annus mirabilis" 2. "placere
‘Ball tampering’ is an illegal activity associated with which sport?  True:  Cricket  pred:  1.
A. Cricket
B. Netball
C. Hockey
D
Where exactly is the tallest habitable building located in the UK? It is 50 stories high with a height of 235 metres (771 feet) and was completed in 1991?  True:  CANARY WHARF  pred:  30 St Mary Axe, Tower 42, Tower 42, Tower 42
Which actress was voted Miss Greenwich Village in 1942?  True:  Lauren Bacall  pred:  1. Rosalind Russell 2. Katharine Hepburn 3.
Name Google's service launched in 2009 from which support was withdrawn in 2010, which offered 'next-generation email', messaging and twitter-style micro-blogging?  True:  Wave  pred:  2.
A. LinkedIn
B. LinkedIn
C. LinkedIn
D.
What is the main attraction at both Altamira and Lascaux?  True:  Cave paintings  pred:  1.
A. the sculpture
B. the paintings
C. the paintings
In which country is the city of Maastricht?  True:  The Netherlands  pred:   Denmark
A.  Denmark
B.  Den
Which US TV series of the 1960's starring Ray Walston as 'Uncle Martin' and Bill Bixby, was remade in 1999 as a film starring Christopher Lloyd and Jeff Daniels?  True:  'MY FAVORITE MARTIAN'  pred:  24
A. The Mary Tyler Moore Show
B. The Mary Tyler Moore
In which year was the ten shilling note withdrawn in the UK following the introduction of the 50p coin ?  True:  1970  pred:  1992
A. 1990
B. 1991
C
What name is given to the temperature of -273.15 degrees Celsius?  True:  ABSOLUTE ZERO  pred:  0 degrees Celsius.
A. freezing point
B. boiling point
C.
Robert Gordon Menzies was which country's longest-serving Prime Minister?  True:  Australia  pred:  2010
A. United Kingdom
B. United States
C. Australia
A 'triskelion', a symbol consisting of three bent human legs is featured on the flag of which British crown dependency?  True:  Isle of Man  pred:   the Isle of Man
A.  the Isle of Man
B
In which North African country was Mohammed Al-Fayed, owner of Harrods department store in London, born?  True:  Egypt  pred:   Egypt
A. Egypt
B. Syria
C. Libya
D
Bran Castle that is located on the border between Transylvania and Wallachia in Romania is marketed as the home of which sinister figure?  True:  Bram Stoker's Dracula  pred:  1.
A. Count Dracula
B. Vlad the Impaler
C
The Recreation Ground, Kingsholm Stadium and the Memorial Ground are all English venues for which sport?  True:  Rugby Union  pred:   The Recreation Ground, Kingsholm Stadium and the Memorial Ground are all English venues for
In the 18th Century, Russia led a coalition that defeated which country in the Great Northern War?  True:  Sweden  pred:  1812
A. Sweden
B. France
C. France
D
Used to describe US citizens who attempted to foment insurrections in Latin America in the mid-19th century, what is the term for someone who engages in an unauthorized military expedition into a foreign country to support a revolution?  True:  Filibuster  pred:  1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6
Which motorway runs from Cambridge to London?  True:  M11  pred:   M4
A. M1
B. M25
C. M
Which hero was the son of Zeus by Danae?  True:  Perseus  pred:   Perseus
Perseus was the son of Zeus and Danae
Jenny Shipley was the first female prime minister of which country?  True:  New Zealand  pred:   New Zealand
Jenny Shipley was the first female prime minister of New
In which TV 'quiz' show was the consolation prize a chequebook and pen?  True:  Blankety Blank  pred:  20 to 1
A. Kaun Banega Crorepati

Who famously raised wages to $5/day so that his workers could afford the product they were producing?  True:  Henry Ford  pred:  19th century American industrialist Andrew Carnegie
A. Thomas Edison
B.
Which 2007 Italian drama film directed by Daniele Luchetti is based on Antonio Pennacchi's novel?  True:  My Brother Is An Only Child  pred:  2001: A Space Odyssey
Explanation: 2001: A Space Odyssey
"What 1998 film diected by Peter Weir , was advertised with the tag line ""On The Air, Unaware""?"  True:  'THE TRUMAN SHOW'  pred:  2001: A Space Odyssey
Answer: 2001: A Space Odyssey
Truax Field international airport is in which US state?  True:  Wisconsin  pred:  2.
A. Ohio
B. Vermont
C. Vermont
D.
Still on pigs. Which country rears 40% of the world's total of around 764 million pigs?  True:  CHINA  pred:   the Sudan
A. Bangladesh
B. Bangladesh
C. Bangladesh
D
Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner became President of which South American country in December 2007?  True:  Argentina  pred:  Argentina
A.Argentina
B. Brazil
C. Chile
D.
In 1929 Edwin Hubble formulated a law in his name which states (among other complexities) that what recede from an observer at a rate proportional to their distance to that observer?  True:  Galaxies  pred:  1. Hubble's law 2. Hubble's law 3.
"Who painted ""Dedham Vale"" and ""The Valley Farm""?"  True:  (John) CONSTABLE  pred:  1.
A. Edward Burne-Jones
B. Dante Gabriel Rosset
What type of creature is a cichlid?  True:  Fish  pred:   Cichlids are a type of fish of the family Cichlidae
What type of animal is Baloo in the novel ‘The Jungle Book’ by Rudyard Kipling?  True:  Bear  pred:  1. Marine mammals 2. Mammals 3. Reptiles
Which politician was born Goldie Mabovich?  True:  Golda Meir  pred:  1.
A. Mohandas Karamchand Gandhi
B. Mohandas
What spirit is mixed with ginger beer in a Moscow mule?  True:  Vodka  pred:   brandy
A. ginger beer
B. carbonated water
C.
Who was editor of Cosmopolitan magazine for 32 years and wrote the book 'Sex and the Single Girl?  True:  Helen Gurley Brown  pred:  1. Admiral Byrd 2. Admiral Byrd 3. Admiral By
Who was the last Briton to win the Nobel Prize for Literature?  True:  Doris Lessing  pred:  2013
A. Elizabeth Gaskell
B. Charles Dickens
C.
In which year was the Royal British Legion founded?  True:  1921  pred:  1920
A. World War I
B. World War II
C
Who is the only actress to win 4 Oscars for Best Actress?  True:  Katherine Hepburn  pred:  7
A. Katharine Hepburn
B. Meryl Streep

Who played Saffron Monsoon in the UK television comedy series ‘Absolutely Fabulous’?  True:  Julia Sawalha  pred:  1. Steve Coogan 2. Mel Giedroyc 3.
Wayne Rooney scored his first senior goal against which club?  True:  Arsenal  pred:  2003, Man Utd vs Man City
Wayne Rooney scored his first
Who sang the theme song in 9 to 5?  True:  Dolly Parton  pred:  9 to 5 - Dolly Parton
9 to 5 - D
In which battle did Harold II, the last Saxon king, lose his life?  True:  Battle of Hastings  pred:  1066
A. Hastings
B. Hastings
C. Hastings
D
Which was the only team that England did not beat in their qualifying campaign for the 2014 Soccer World Cup ?  True:  UKRAINE  pred:  2006
A. Australia
B. Austria
C. Austria
D
Which island was home to Odysseus?  True:  ITHACA  pred:  1.
A. Ceos
B. Crete
C. Ceos
In the 2005 remake of the film 'King Kong' who played the part of Ann Darrow, originally played by Fay Wray?  True:  Naomi Watts  pred:   Zoë Wanamaker
Question: In the 2005 remake of the
Which patriotic Irving Berlin song includes the line  From the mountains to the prairie to the oceans white with foam ?  True:  God Bless AMERICA.  pred:   White Christmas
A. White Christmas
B. White Christmas
C. White
Wardenclyffe Tower in Shoreham, New York was designed by which genius who intended to showcase it for demonstrations of wireless power transmission?  True:  Nikola Tesla  pred:  1.
A. Nikola Tesla
B. Thomas Edison
C. Alexander Graham
Which Sheffield United player scored the first ever goal in English Premiership football?  True:  Brian Deane  pred:  12 November 1992. Ryan Giggs scored the first hat-trick in
By what nickname was English serial killer and armed robber Donald Neilson known?  True:  The Black Panther  pred:  2DTV
Donald Neilson was an English serial killer and armed robber who murdered
What was the name of the boutique run by Malcolm McLaren and Vivienne Westwood at 430 King’s Road, London, between 1974 and 1976?  True:  Sex  pred:  1960s Music
 
At the start of the 1960s,
What Gaelic word which means 'bad ale' is given to an unlicensed Irish drinking house?  True:  Shebeen  pred:  15th Century to 19th Century
A. brothel
B.
The 1932 film ‘The Mask of Fu Manchu’ revolves around Fu Manchu’s quest for the sword and mask of which historical figure?  True:  Genghis Khan  pred:  1932's The Mask of Fu Manchu revolves around Fu Manchu's quest
In which US state was singer Bruno Mars born?  True:  Hawaii  pred:   South Carolina
A. Lancaster
B. IL
C. San Francisco

Which event held in Alberta, Canada, which bills itself as The Greatest Outdoor Show on Earth, is a large festival, exhibition, and rodeo held for 10 days every summer in July, attracts more than 1.2 million visitors?  True:  The Calgary Stampede  pred:   The Calgary Stampede
The Calgary Stampede is a large festival, exhibition,
The character 'James Bond' was created by Ian Fleming, but who wrote the book 'Zero Minus Ten' featuring 'James Bond'?  True:  RAYMOND BENSON  pred:   The character 'James Bond' was created by Ian Fleming, but who wrote the
What is the art of hand-making cricket bats called?  True:  Podshaving  pred:   The art of hand-making cricket bats is called "Gully Cricket" or "
Nino Farina was the first world champion of what?  True:  Formula One  pred:  1929 London Table Tennis Team:
A. tennis
B. tennis
C
"Who topped the U.K. charts for eleven successive weeks in 1955, with his version of the song ""Rose Marie""?"  True:  SLIM WHITMAN  pred:   (a) Adam Faith
(b) Adam Faith
(c) Adam Faith

Used when making tea, and deriving from the Russian for 'self brewer', what name is given to the heated metal container traditionally used to heat and boil water in Russia, Iran and Turkey?  True:  SAMOVAR  pred:    teapot
The teapot is a type of teaware that is used
"Which 20th century English playwright wrote ""The Winslow Boy"" and ""Separate Tables""?"  True:  Terence Rattigan  pred:  2
A. George Bernard Shaw
B. George Bernard Shaw
C.
What type of animal is a bonobo?  True:  Ape  pred:  1.
A. non-human primate
B. mammal
C.
A bird described as a 'palmiped' has which characteristic feature?  True:  Webbed feet  pred:  1
A. an overall short tail
B. an overall long tail

Goliath is the name for a South American spider that eats what?  True:  Birds  pred:  12.
A. prey
B. prey
C. prey
D.
Which 'Inn of Court' in London is missing - Lincoln's Inn, Inner Temple, Middle Temple and ........?  True:  GRAY'S INN  pred:  148
A. Honourable Society of Lincoln's Inn
B. Honourable
Which city is the ‘de facto capital’ of the European Union?  True:  Brussels  pred:   Brussels
A. Rome
B. Paris
C. London

The People Party, founded in Coventry in 1972, changed its name in 1975 and again in 1985. The party is represented in Parliament, the Lords and the European Parliament, how is it now known?  True:  The Green Party  pred:  3.To find out more about the People's Party, visit List of political parties
What was the name of Michael Jackson's autobiography written in 1988?  True:  Moonwalk  pred:   Moonwalk
Question: What was the name of Michael Jackson's autobiography written in
Regarded as its Nobel Prize, in what field is the annual Pritzer Prize awarded?  True:  ARCHITECTURE  pred:  2001
A. Chemistry
B. Physiology or Medicine
C. Literature
Which poet wrote The Whitsun Weddings?  True:  Philip Larkin  pred:  1.
A. William Blake
B. Lord Byron
C. Lord T
What are the first four words of the Bible, as recorded in Genesis?  True:  IN THE BEGINNING GOD  pred:  1. In the beginning God created the heavens and the earth. 2.
In which capital city would you find Charles Bridge and Wenceslas Square?  True:  Prague  pred:   Prague
A. Prague
B. Rome, Italy
C.
Who was the 2001 Wimbledon Women's Singles Champion?  True:  Venus Williams  pred:  2001 Wimbledon Women's Singles Champion: Martina Hingis
According to
"What is the setting for the 1942 painting, ""Nighthawks"" by American artist, Edward Hopper?"  True:  A DINER  pred:  1942
A. canvas
B. oil
C. vermilion

Which Major League Baseball team plays its home games at Chase Field, built in 1992?  True:  Arizona Diamondbacks  pred:  39
A. Arizona Diamondbacks
B. Boston Red Sox
C.
Which former cabinet minister was debarred from Parliament because of irregularities in his 2010 election campaign for his Oldham East and Saddleworth constituency?  True:  PHIL WOOLAS  pred:  2
A. David Blunkett
B. Chris Smith
C.
In 2001, Dennis Tito paid a reported $20 million to be the first tourist to go where?  True:  Space  pred:  2001, Dennis Tito paid a reported $20 million to be the first
Rolf Harris recorded a 1964 single calling for which member of The Beatles ‘For President’?  True:  Ringo  pred:  3
Rolf Harris recorded a 1964 single calling for which member of
Nomophobia is the fear of being without or losing what?  True:  Mobile phone  pred:  1. cell phone
2. cell phone
3. cell phone
4
Who lured sailors on the Rhine to their deaths with her singing?  True:  Lorelei  pred:  1.
A. Jesus
B. Jesus
C. Jesus
D.
Which actress played Queen Victoria in the 1970s TV drama Edward the Seventh?  True:  ANNETTE CROSBIE  pred:  1
A 2
B 3
C 4
D
What holiday is particularly associated with Morris Dancing?  True:  WHITSUNTIDE  pred:  1480
A. Easter
B. Christmas
C. Christmas
D
Aung San Suu Kyi is a controversial leader in which country?  True:  Myanmar  pred:  1.
A. Bhutan
B. Bangladesh
C. India
D
How many squares does a Rubik’s Cube have on each side?  True:  9  pred:  32
How many squares does a Rubik’s Cube have on each side?

What was the name of the IBM computer that defeated world chess champion Garry Kasparov in 1997?  True:  Deep Blue  pred:  1401
A. IBM 1401
B. IBM 360

Which racecourse hosts the Midlands Grand National in March each year?  True:  UTTOXETER  pred:   Hexham racecourse
A. England
B. Scotland
C. Wales
Which country used to be called Southern Rhodesia?  True:  Zimbabwe  pred:  1
A. and B
B. and C
C. and D
The long distance train, 'The Canadian', travels between Toronto and which other city?  True:  VANCOUVER  pred:  1.
A. Montreal
B. Montreal
C. Montreal
D.
Which horse race is held at Churchill Downs?  True:  Kentucky Derby  pred:  1) Kentucky Derby 2) Preakness Stakes 3) Belmont
Which book of the Old Testament explains how the festival of Purim came to be celebrated by the Jews?  True:  Esther  pred:  2 Maccabees
A. The Book of Esther
B. The
In what year did Kurt Waldheim become UN General Secretary; Bloody Sunday happened in Derry, NI; President Nixon visited China.  True:  1972  pred:  1972
A. 1972
B. 1978
C
Arkansas Black is a variety of which fruit?  True:  Apple  pred:  1. cherry, 2. peach, 3. apple, 4
Who won the 'Oscar' for Best Actress in the 1950's film'Born Yesterday'?  True:  JUDY HOLLIDAY  pred:  1. Marilyn Monroe
2. Marilyn Monroe
3. Marilyn Monroe
4
In 1337 which English king claimed the throne of France, precipitating the '100 Years War'?  True:  EDWARD III  pred:  1487
A. Richard III
B. John of Gaunt
C
What country lies to north of the Republic of Chad?  True:  The State of Libya  pred:   Andorra
Question: What country lies to south of the Republic of Chad?
The fortified wine drink Sherry is named after what town?  True:  Jerez  pred:   The fortified wine drink Sherry is named after the town of Jerez de la
What is the capital of the US state of Georgia?  True:  ATLANTA  pred:  19.
A. Atlanta
B. Charlotte
C. Augusta
D.
The Sharks face off against what gang in Leonard Bernsteins musical West Side Story?  True:  The Jets  pred:   The Jets
A. The Sharks
B. The Jets
C. The
What is the name of the Police Chief in 'The Simpsons'?  True:  CHIEF Clancy WIGGUM  pred:  1. Homer 2. Marge 3. Mr. Burns 4
Who, in 2010, became the first batsman to score 200 runs in a limited overs international match?  True:  Sachin Tendulkar  pred:   Virat Kohli
Virat Kohli became the first batsman to
Which Italian pasta's name means little spindles in English?  True:  Fusilli  pred:  1.
A. Ragù
B. Pappardelle
C.
What is the Milky Way?  True:  The local galaxy  pred:   As viewed from Earth, the Milky Way is about 100,000 light-years
The Dardanelles and the Bosporus, straits which separate Europe from the mainland of Asia, run through which country?  True:  Turkey  pred:   Turkey
Explanation: The Dardanelles and the Bosporus, str
Which superhero film, produced by Marvel Studios and written and directed by Joss whedon, was the highest grossing film world-wide in 2012 ?  True:  THE AVENGERS  pred:  the Avengers
A. Lord of the Rings: The Return of the King

What character created by Robert Ludlum appeared in a film trilogy released between 2002 to 2007?  True:  Jason Bourne  pred:  007
A. James Bond
B. James Bond 007
C.
What name is given to the temperature of -273.15 degrees Celsius?  True:  ABSOLUTE ZERO  pred:  0 degrees Celsius.
A. freezing point
B. boiling point
C.
Who was Europe's captain in the 2008 Ryder Cup?  True:  Nick Faldo  pred:   Colin Montgomerie
Who was Europe's captain in the 2008
Which type of roof is pitched at two different angles, the lower part being steeper than the upper?  True:  Mansard  pred:  2
A. ridge
B. hip
C. ridge
D.
Which of Henry VIII's wives died of septicaemia, just twelve days after giving birth?  True:  JANE SEYMOUR  pred:  1
A. Catherine of Aragon
B. Anne Boleyn

"Who was known as ""The Waltz King""?"  True:  Johann Strauss  pred:   Zoellner
A. Arthur Godfrey
B. Arthur Murray
C
Which band released the 1970 album 'In the Wake of Poseidon'?  True:  KING CRIMSON  pred:  1980
A. Steve Howe
B. Rick Wakeman
C.
Who made the 1995 album 'Jagged Little Pill' which sold 33 million copies?  True:  ALANIS MORISSETTE  pred:  1995
A. Sweet
B. Barry Manilow
C.
How many Rings of Power were there, in total?  True:  20  pred:  17
How many Rings of Power were there, in total?
How many Rings
By what first name is the wife of Tommy Beresford known in the Partners in Crime stories by Agatha Christie, recently adapted by BBC TV?  True:  TUPPENCE  pred:  1) Dulcie 2) Dulcie 3) Dulcie 4
What is the traditional Maori greeting in which people press noses together?  True:  Hongi  pred:    Ake Ake
Which of the following ecoregions is
What animal is traditionally seen in the branding of Fox's Glacier Mints?  True:  Polar Bear  pred:  1.
A. monk seal
B. raven
C. raven
Which Dickens' novel features Mr Merdle, Edmund Sparkler and Tattycoram?  True:  Little Dorrit  pred:  4
A. Bleak House
B. Great Expectations
C.
Who's missing: Miss Scarlett, Mrs. White, Mr. Green, Mrs. Peacock, Professor Plum?  True:  Colonel Mustard  pred:  1, 2, 3, 4, 5
A.
The 'Yid Army' are/were a gang of football hooligans who supported which London club?  True:  TOTTENHAM HOTSPUR  pred:  1) Ipswich Town 2) Tottenham Hotspur 3) and
"Who painted ""Boy With a Pipe"" which, in May 2004, was sold for a record price of $104 million?"  True:  Picasso  pred:  1. Gustav Klimt
2. Gustav Klimt

Which group had a UK No.1 hit in 1983 with a cover version of Yazoo's Only You?  True:  The Flying Pickets  pred:  1
A. The Human League
B. Duran Duran
C
Forest Whitaker won the Oscar for Best Actor for his role in which 2006 film?  True:  THE LAST KING OF SCOTLAND  pred:  12 Years a Slave
Forest Whitaker won the Oscar for Best Actor for his
Which wild life quiz show was hosted by Henry Kelly  True:  Monkey Business  pred:  1
A. Kaun Banega Crorepati
B. Ka
This quiz is printed on A4 paper which has a length of 297mm. How wide, in millimetres, is A4 paper?  True:  210  pred:  210mm
This quiz is printed on A4 paper which has a length of
Who played Aunty Entity' in the film 'Mad Max Beyond the Thunderdome'?  True:  Tina Turner  pred:  1.
A 2.
B 3.
C 4.
D
The Dales Way is a path that runs from Bowness in Cumbria to which town in Yorkshire on the River Wharfe?  True:  ILKLEY  pred:  Skipton
The Dales Way is a path that runs from Bown
What company makes Big Red and Juicy Fruit gum?  True:  Wrigley  pred:   Bayer
A. Novartis
B. Novartis
C.
Which Tsar of Russia ruled from 1682-1725?  True:  Peter the Great  pred:  57
A. Peter the Great
B. Catherine the Great
C.
Typically, a male moose sheds its antlers how frequently?  True:  Every year  pred:  2-3 times a year
A. 2-3 times a year
A Colles fracture is in which part of the body?  True:  Wrist  pred:  1st metacarpal
A. hands
B. wrist
C
Accrington Stanley’s biggest league win was 8-0 in 1934 when they beat which club from the Wirral who were members of the Football League from 1923 until 1951?  True:  NEW BRIGHTON  pred:   Preston North End
Accrington Stanley’s biggest league win was 8-
What type of animal was Bambi's friend Flower?  True:  a Skunk  pred:  1. critter
2. critter
3. critter
4
Where in the UK did the Queen unveil a memorial to John F Kennedy in May 1965?  True:  Runnymede  pred:    Westminster Abbey
The Queen unveiled a memorial to John F Kennedy in Westminster Abbey
"Which British comedian and actor played Dr Gregory House in the US TV series ""House""?"  True:  Hugh Laurie  pred:  1
A. Frankie Howerd
B. Les Dawson
C.
What city do Brummies come from?  True:  Birmingham  pred:  01747
A. Birmingham
B. Bradford
C. Bradford
D
Who is the current (Jan 2014) Secretary of State for Education?  True:  Michael Gove  pred:    Patrick McLoughlin MP
The Secretary of State for Health and Social Care
What make of car did Doc Brown turn into a time machine?  True:  DeLorean  pred:  1961 Ford Thunderbird shows up in Back to the Future Part II.<|end_of_text|>
Sanskrit is an ancient language of which modern day country?  True:  India  pred:  1.
A.India
B.India
C.India
D.
Albacore, bigeye and longtail are species of what type of fish?  True:  TUNA  pred:  1
A. Cod
B. Shark
C. Tilapia
D
"In the sentence ""Wherever he went, he carried the scratching cat, his eyes red."", what part of speech is ""his eyes red""?"  True:  Phrase  pred:  1. adverb 2. adverb 3. noun 4.
How many US states border Lake Superior?  True:  3  pred:  43
A. 1
B. 2
C. 3
In music theory what is the relative minor chord of C major?  True:  A minor  pred:  1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6
Which model village did Samuel Greg build to house workers at his nearby Quarry Bank Mill?  True:  STYAL  pred:  1
A. Marbach
B. Umbridge
C. Hogs
Which American resort is nicknamed 'Sin City'?  True:  Las Vegas  pred:  39
A. Las Vegas
B. Atlantic City
C. Nassau
Which is the smallest country in area in mainland Africa?  True:  Gambia  pred:   Angola
A. Republic of the Congo
B. Democratic Republic of the Congo
Whose law states the “Supply creates demand”?  True:  Say’s Law  pred:  1. Law of value
2. Law of value
3. Law of
"The US TV series ""Mad Men"" centres around what industry or profession?"  True:  Advertising  pred:  1
A. Advertising
B. the police
C. the military

The International Bureau of Weights and Measures is based in which European country?  True:  France  pred:  273
A. Belgium
B. France
C. Germany
D.
Bill Gold whose most noted creations are for films as varied as Casablanca, A Clockwork Orange, Mystic River and The Sting is renowned for what type of work?  True:  Poster designs  pred:   Cartoonist
Bill Watterson, the creator of Calvin and Hobbes, is
In the children’s television series ‘Fireball XL5’, what is the name of the robot co-pilot of XL5?  True:  Robert the Robot  pred:  1), 2) 3) 4) 5)
What first name is shared by Turner Prize winning artists Wallinger and Leckey?  True:  MARK  pred:   John
A. John Wallinger
B. John Leckey

Which cricketer wrote the autobiographical 'Coming Back To Me'?  True:  MARCUS TRESCOTHICK  pred:  1.
A. Sanjay Manjrekar
B. Suresh
A spoof of fraternal organizations such as the Masons, Shriners, Elks Club, or Moose Lodge, of what lodge was Fred Flintstone elected Grand Imperial Poobah?  True:  Loyal Order of Water Buffalo  pred:  1.
A. Ku Klux Klan
B. Ku Klux Klan

"""Yabba dabba doo"" was a catch-phrase in which cartoon series?"  True:  The Flintstones  pred:  24
Explanation: During the 1960s and 1970s,
Bandar Seri Begawan International airport is in which country?  True:  Brunei  pred:   Indian Ocean
A. Indonesia
B. Indonesia
C. Indonesia
D
Which British Prime Minister married Clementine Hozier on September 12th 1908?  True:  WINSTON CHURCHILL  pred:  1st) Benjamin Disraeli 2nd) William Ewart Gladstone
In which US state is the Innoko River?  True:  ALASKA  pred:  2.
A. Vermont
B. Vermont
C. Vermont
D.
Which 2009 film is a biopic of John Lennon?  True:  'NOWHERE BOY'  pred:  2001: A Space Odyssey
2001: A Space Odyssey is a
What's the name of the intelligent talking horses in Swift's Gulliver's Travels ?  True:  HOUYHNHNMS  pred:  1. Bernie 2. Bernie 3. Bernie 4. Bernie
"Where would you find a ""plimsoll line""?"  True:  On a ship  pred:   The equator
A. Niagara-on-the-Lake, Ontario
B.
The name of which Spanish city is in the full title of Costa del Sol Airport?  True:  MÁLAGA  pred:   Marbella
Costa del Sol for short is the name of the
In the West Indies, what is the collective name for Cuba, Hispaniola, Jamaica and Puerto Rico ?  True:  GREATER ANTILLES  pred:  1.
A. Bahamas
B. The Bahamas
C. The rest of
"A ""land run"" into which current state of the USA began at noon on 22 April 1889, when an estimated 50,000 people lined up to race to claim 160 acre (0.65 km2) pieces of the available 2 million acres (8,000 km)?"  True:  Oklahoma  pred:  North Dakota
A. California
B. Arizona
C. Nevada
D
According to Greek myth, who built the labyrinth on Crete for King Minos?  True:  DAEDALUS  pred:  1.
A. Odysseus
B. Theseus
C.
Who gave Harry Potter his first kiss?  True:  Cho Chang  pred:  1. Harry Potter 2. Hermione Granger 3. Ron Weasley
Alan Bates played an escaped convict who was mistaken for the son of God in which 1961 film?  True:  Whistle Down the Wind  pred:  1948
A. Ben Hur
B. Ben-Hur
C.
What is the name of the spiritual leader of a community of Zen Buddhist monks?  True:  Roshi  pred:  3rd and 4th and 5th and 6th Dalai
Which was the first commercial jet airliner to go into service in the UK?  True:  COMET  pred:  747
A. Concorde
B. Boeing 747
C.
What is the capital of the U.S. state of Connecticut?  True:  Hartford.  pred:   Hartford
Q: What is the capital of the U.S. state of Connecticut
What was Britain called - before it was Britain?  True:  Albion  pred:  1485 AD
A. England
B. Albion
C. this
What is the middle name of US actor Samuel L Jackson?  True:  Leroy  pred:   John
Samuel L. Jackson is an American actor. He has also
On the banks of which river does the town of Kidderminster stand?  True:  RIVER STOUR  pred:   River Severn
Kidderminster is situated on the banks of River Sever
What is the Pacific terminus of the Trans Siberian Railway?  True:  Vladivostok  pred:    Omsk, Russia
A. Omsk, Russia
B
In the run up to the 1997 election, Tony Blair outlined his parties' three priorities for office, can you name them?  True:  Education, Education, Education  pred:  1. and 2. and 3. 1. and 2
Which boy band consists of Niall Horan, Zayn Malik, Liam Payne, Harry Stiles and Louis Tomlinson?  True:  'ONE DIRECTION'  pred:  1
A. One Direction
B. One True Voice
C. One
In the novel 'Treasure Island' name the pirate shot dead by Jim Hawkins in the rigging of the Hispaniola  True:  ISRAEL HANDS  pred:  2
A. Captain Flint
B. Squire Trelawney

December 23, 1923 was the birthday of Vice Admiral James Stockdale, one of the most highly decorated officers in the history of the US Navy. He was also the running mate of what 1992 presidential candidate?  True:  H. Ross Perot  pred:  1992
A. Jack Kemp
B. Jesse Jackson
C. Gary
What country singer's duets with Loretta Lynn ended when he died aged 59  True:  Conway Twitty  pred:    Lynn Anderson
Lynn Anderson was an American country music singer, songwriter,
What element is mixed with Iron to make cast iron?  True:  Carbon  pred:  0
A. Carbon
B. copper
C. gold
D.
What colour cat is a Russian Blue?  True:  Grey  pred:  1.
A. Blue
B. Gold
C. Black
D.
From which song does this lyric come? 'She calls out to the man in the street, sir can you help me'?  True:  Another day in Paradise  pred:   (a)Hit Me Baby One More Time
(b)Anything You Can Do
Who said, a man is only as old as the women he feels  True:  Groucho Marx  pred:   Zoological Society of London
A. Konrad Lorenz
B. Kon
"Up to 1974, the title of ""Negus"" was used for the traditional rulers of what country?"  True:  Ethiopia  pred:   The Principality of Monaco
The Principality of Monaco is a sovereign city-state
The Fitzwilliam Museum is in which English city?  True:  Cambridge  pred:  2
A. Cambridge
B. London
C. Liverpool
D.
The main motto of which organisation is: 'Service Above Self'?  True:  ROTARY (International)  pred:  1.
A. Red Cross
B. Red Crescent
C. CARE

'Roquefort Cheese' is made from what sort of milk?  True:  Ewe's Milk  pred:  2.
A. Cow's milk
B. Goat's milk
C.
Who was US President immediately before and after Benjamin Harrison?  True:  Grover Cleveland  pred:  1.
A. Benjamin Harrison
B. Grover Cleveland
C. Benjamin
Where woud you find a nave or an apse?  True:  in a Church  pred:  1.
A. Nave
B. Apse
C. Nave
Which chemical element is represented by the symbol ‘Rn’?  True:  Radon  pred:   Radon

Explanation: Atomic number of radon-222 is 86
How is children's author Mary Pollock better known?  True:  Enid Blyton  pred:   As the author of Winnie-the-Pooh, Corduroy,
What is the second most common gas in the atmosphere?  True:  Oxygen  pred:  50% nitrogen
A. oxygen
B. argon
C. carbon
American Callan Pinckney's eponymously named system became a best-selling (1980s-2000s) book/video franchise in what genre?  True:  Fitness  pred:  1.
A. Speculative fiction
B. Speculative nonfiction
C
The principal author of the US Constitution and writer of over 1/3 of the Federalist Papers, which US President, the 4th, was CIC during the War of 1812?  True:  James Madison  pred:  James Madison
A. James Madison
B.James Monroe
C. James
Which Parliamentary Act was abbreviated to DORA?  True:  Defence of the Realm Act  pred:  1. Leprosy Eradication Act, 1955 2.
Which Alan Bennett play features Cutlers Grammar School, Sheffield?  True:  THE HISTORY BOYS  pred:  3
A. The Real Inspector Hound
B. The Real Inspector H
"Which Welsh poet (e.g. ""Portrait of the Artist as a Young Dog"") wrote a play ""Under Milk Wood"" that was published posthumously in 1954?"  True:  Dylan Thomas  pred:  1. Dylan Thomas
2. Dylan Thomas
3. Dylan Thomas
4
'The Castle of Otranto' often called the first gothic novel, was written in 1764 by whom?  True:  HORACE WALPOLE  pred:  1. Horace Walpole
2. Horace Walpole
3.
The character Sally Bowles appears in which film?  True:  Cabaret  pred:  2001: A Space Odyssey
Question: The character Sally Bowles appears in
Catoptromancy is the term for predicting the future using what object? Who's the fairest of them all!  True:  Mirror  pred:  1. glasses 2. compasses 3. compasses 4.
In the King James Version, which eponymous book of the Old Testament follows 'Esther' and precedes 'Psalms'?  True:  'JOB'  pred:  1 Esdras
A. 2 Esdras
B.
In Egyptian myth who was the God of chaos and disorder?  True:  Seth  pred:  70
A. the thigh piercer
B. the basilisk
C
In motoring terms, what can be an SU, a Weber, or a Zenith?  True:  CARBURETTOR  pred:  1) SU 2) Weber 3) Zenith 4) the
The name of which island is thought to come from the Norse for 'puffin island'?  True:  LUNDY  pred:  1
A. Greenland
B. Greenland
C. Greenland
D.
"Which composer, born in Grenoble in 1803 wrote ""Benvenuto Cellini"", the first of his three operas?"  True:  HECTOR BERLIOZ  pred:   (a) Gaetano Donizetti
(b) Giuseppe Verdi
What notable vastly wealthy Budapest-born financier announced his retirement from managing external investment funds in 2011?  True:  George Soros  pred:  21st Century Fox founder Rupert Murdoch`18th Century Czar Peter the Great
The American journalist Ida Tarbell is known for her expose of the corrupt practices of which giant company? John D. Rockefeller probably hated her!  True:  Standard Oil  pred:  1. Standard Oil
2. Amoco
3. AT&T
4
Which ex Prime Minister died at his home in Hawarden in 1898?  True:  GLADSTONE  pred:  1.
A. Sir Winston Churchill
B. Sir Winston Churchill
C.
What is the state capital of Ohio  True:  Columbus  pred:  1. Lancaster Pennsylvania 2. Columbus Ohio 3. Cincinnati Ohio 4
What nationality was three time Olympic gold medallist in figure skating Sonja Henie?  True:  Norwegian  pred:  1.
A. Dutch
B. Norwegian
C. Dutch
D.
The German's called it the Siegfried Line, what did the allies call it?  True:  THE HINDENBERG LINE  pred:   was later called the Anzio Beachhead.
A. the Anzio
What is the capital of the U S state of Pennsylvania?  True:  Harrisburg  pred:   Harrisburg
Question: What is the capital of the U S state of Pennsylvania
What was the name of Ian McEwan's Booker Prize winning novel of 1998?  True:  Amsterdam  pred:   Atonement
Question: What was the name of Ian McEwan's
Eventually a newspaper photographer for the Daily Bugle, what is the alter ego of Spiderman?  True:  Peter Parker  pred:  1) Iron Man
2) Iron Man
3) Iron Man
4
Astana is the capital of which country?  True:  Kazakhstan  pred:   Uzbekistan
Explanation: Astana is the capital of Uzbekistan.
What is the first name of Irish singer Van Morrison?  True:  George  pred:   (a) Van Morrison (b) Van Morrison (c) Van Morrison (
Which indigenous people call their country Aotearoa?  True:  Maori  pred:  18.
A. Maori
B. Leader
C. Willow
D
What is the capital of Belize called?  True:  BELMOPAN  pred:   While the city of Belize City is the capital of Belize, Belmopan
What is the title of William Shakespeare’s shortest play?  True:  The Comedy of Errors  pred:  2. 3. 4. 5. 6. 7
Which was the first of the Mr. Men characters to be created by cartoonist Roger Hargreaves?  True:  MR TICKLE  pred:  1. Paddington, 2. Paddington, 3. Paddington
Rugby League - which country are the current holders of the European Cup?  True:  WALES  pred:   England
Question: Rugby League - which country are the current holders of the European
Who was Wolfe’s opposing French general who died with him on the Plains of Abraham?  True:  Montcalm  pred:   The Marquis de Montcalm
A. Burgoyne
B.
A colony of Britain until 1956, with the capital city of Khartoum, the south of what African country became an independent state in July 2011?  True:  Sudan  pred:   South Sudan
A. Ghana
B. Zimbabwe
C. Zimbabwe

"Which American country singer, the younger sister of singer Loretta Lynn, had 18 #1 country hits during the 1970s and 1980s, and is best known for a series of country-pop crossover hits including ""Don't It Make My Brown Eyes Blue""?"  True:  Crystal Gayle  pred:   (a) Dolly Parton
Answer:  (a) Dolly
The father of three 'Peter Griffin' is the title character of which American animated TV series?  True:  'FAMILY GUY'  pred:  19
A. The Simpsons
B. King of the Hill
C.
What element is the main constituent of anthracite?  True:  CARBON  pred:  1) Carbon, 2) copper, 3) silver, 4
Which hit for 'Wet Wet Wet' was the biggest-selling single in Britain in 1994?  True:  'LOVE IS ALL AROUND'  pred:   "It's my Party and I'll Cry If I Want To"<|end_of_text|><|end_of_text|>
What is the Japanese word for the sash worn as a belt in traditional dress (kimonos and martial arts uniforms, etc)?  True:  Obi  pred:   the sash worn as a belt in traditional dress (kimonos and martial
What name was collectively given to the sons of Poseidon, who dwelt with him at the bottom of the sea?  True:  Tritons  pred:   daughters of Poseidon
A. river gods
B. other gods
C
What type of building is likely to have a minaret?  True:  Mosque  pred:  19.
A. residence
B. residence
C. residence
D.
Where is the Headquarters of Boeing?  True:  SEATTLE  pred:  427 Redmond Way, Everett, WA 98020, USA.
If you
Oil from oil wells was first used for what?  True:  Evaporate brine to produce salt  pred:  17th century
A. Itching
B. colic
C.
Who created the Star Wars series of films?  True:  George Lucas  pred:  20th Century Fox
A. George Lucas
B. Francis Ford Coppola
Which is the only mammal of the order Proboscidea?  True:  ELEPHANT  pred:  1.
A. Elephant
B. Rhinoceroses
C.
What is the minimum number of points needed to win a tiebreak in tennis, such as in the Hopman Cup for mixed doubles, on the ATP and WTA tours for doubles and sometmes in USTA league play?  True:  10  pred:  13
A. 5
B. 6
C. 7
Which singer picked up three Ivor Novello awards in May, including songwriter of the year for her hit single, The Fear?  True:  Lily Allen  pred:  1) Kylie Minogue; 2) Kylie Minogue; 3)
"Which British actress won this year's U.S. Emmy award for best actress for her role in the drama series ""Mildred Pierce""?"  True:  KATE WINSLET  pred:  2
A. Meryl Streep
B. then Meryl Streep
Traditional Latin pluralization of Latin-originating words ending in 'us' is to replace the 'us' with?  True:  i  pred:  1
A. –illion
B. –illion
C. –illion
In which country would you traditionally see a settlement called a Kibbutz?  True:  Israel  pred:   Israel
A. United States
B. United Kingdom
C. United
Who painted Girl with a Pearl Earring?  True:  Johannes Vermeer  pred:  1.
A. Édouard Manet
B. Vincent van Gogh
What Missouri town calls itself the “Live Music Show Capital of the World”?  True:  Branson  pred:   St. Louis
A. St. Louis
B. St. Louis

Cut, colour, clarity and carat are all considered when purchasing what?  True:  Diamonds  pred:  18k gold
A. Precious Stones
B. Precious Metals

In what decade was Darwin's 'On the Origin of Species' first published?  True:  1850s  pred:  1859
A. or 1860
B. 1870

The Greek architect Konstantinos Apostolos Doxiadis is best remembered for designing which Asian capital city?  True:  ISLAMABAD  pred:  2
A. Karachi
B. Karachi
C. Karachi
D.
Toussaint Louverture was the founding father of what country?  True:  Haiti  pred:   Haiti
A. Ecuador
B. Ecuador
C. Ecuador

What was the name of the driver of the mail train robbed by the great train robbers  True:  Jack Mills  pred:  26
Question: What was the name of the driver of the mail train robbed
Which of Puccini's operatic characters commits suicide with her father's sword?  True:  'MADAME BUTTERFLY'  pred:  26
A. Ophelia
B. Desdemona
C.
What was the former name of the British Green Party?  True:  Ecology Party  pred:  Liberal Democrats
Question: What was the former name of the British Green Party
Benina international airport is in which country?  True:  Libya  pred:   Indian
A. Bangladesh
B. Bhutan
C. Nepal
D
For which trade is Saville Row best known?  True:  Tailoring  pred:   The Savile Row is a street in the West End of London, England,
Which actress married Dennis Quaid on Valentine's Day in 1991?  True:  Meg Ryan  pred:   Holly Hunter
A. Madonna
B. Christopher Reeve
C. Christopher
"Which composer wrote the musical for the 18th-century opera, ""Idomeneo""?"  True:  Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart  pred:   Domenico Scarlatti
Answer:  Domenico Scarlatti
Which motorcycle company introduced the Jet Ski in 1972?  True:  Kawasaki  pred:  19.
A. Honda
B. Yamaha
C. Suzuki
D.
What is the common name for Hydrocephalus, a pathological condition whereby fluid is retained within the skull?  True:  Water on the brain  pred:  1.Autosomal dominant polycystic kidney disease 2.Kidney
What is the name of the German magazine which claimed in 1983 to have found Hitler's diaries?  True:  Stern  pred:  24 Hours
A. The Daily Telegraph
B. The Sunday Times
C
What name is given to the road junction in North Yorkshire, where the Al meets the A66?  True:  SCOTCH CORNER  pred:   Madeley Hill. One of the Cumbria and Westmorland brothers,
The ancient symbol the fylfot, is more controversially commonly known as (what?), derived from Sanskrit 'wellbeing', from 'su' (good) and 'asti' (being)?  True:  Swastika  pred:  1.
The ancient symbol the fylfot, is more controversially commonly
"The three actors who played guitar in the band in the film ""Spinal Tap"" got together again as a folk trio ""The Folksmen"" in which film?"  True:  A Mighty Wind  pred:  1980's Reservoir Dogs
How much do you know about the Statue of
Tomorrow marks the 109th anniversary of which great American taking the reins of the presidency following the death of William McKinley?  True:  Theodore Roosevelt  pred:   is the correct answer.
A.George Washington
B. Abraham Lincoln
C
Hansen's Disease is better known as what?  True:  Leprosy  pred:   Leprosy
A. Hansen's disease
B. Hansen's bacillus
What does a costermonger sell?  True:  Fruit  pred:  1. oranges 2. pumpkins 3. pumpkins 4
What was Walter Matthau's first movie?  True:  The Kentuckian  pred:  Father of the Bride (1950)
Question: What was Walter Matthau's
Which firework is said to be named after an instrument of torture on which a saint is said to have been martyred?  True:  Catherine Wheel  pred:  1.
A. Firebird
B. Firecracker
C. Fire
Which operatic heroine dies by throwing herself from the Castel Sant’Angelo in Rome?  True:  TOSCA  pred:  1
A. Brunnhilde
B. Brangäne

What name is given to the study of insects ?  True:  ENTOMOLOGY  pred:  1. biology 2. zoology 3. entomology 4
"What movie featured the song ""The Time Warp""?"  True:  The Rocky Horror Picture Show  pred:  1979's "The Rocky Horror Picture Show"<|end_of_text|><|end_of_text|><|end_of_text|><|end_of_text|><|end_of_text|><|end_of_text|>
Who had parts in ‘St. Elmo’s Fire’, ‘About Last Night …’ and ‘Wayne’s World’?  True:  ROB LOWE  pred:  1. Zooey Deschanel 2. Jon Favreau 3.
August 2, 1990 saw Iraq invading what country, sparking a series of events that culminated in the 1st Gulf War?  True:  Kuwait  pred:  1
A. Syria
B. Saudi Arabia
C. Saudi Arabia

In what game do you score a point for having His Nobs or His Nibs?  True:  Cribbage  pred:  14
A. American football
B. Monopoly
C. Monopoly
Which Frenchman, who never learned to speak Swedish, became King Charles XIV John of Sweden and Norway?  True:  Jean Baptiste Bernadotte  pred:   Zoilo
A. Charles XII
B. Charles XII
C. Charles
What is the more common term for the affliction called epistaxis the occurrence of which suggests sexual arousal in Japanese manga and anime?  True:  Nosebleed  pred:  1.
A. panchira
B. panchira
C.
For a point each, name the animals mentioned in the opening verse of that classic 1876 song Home on the Range  True:  Buffalo, Deer, Antelope  pred:  1) buffalo, 2) buffalo, 3) buffalo, 4
"According to the song lyrics where can ""you check out any time you like, but you can never leave""?"  True:  HOTEL CALIFORNIA  pred:   "Don't Stop Believin'" is a song by American rock band Journey
Replacing the unofficial E. Pluribis Unum, what phrase did the US adopt as its' national motto on July 30, 1956?  True:  In God we trust  pred:  1. E Pluribus Unum 2. E Pluribus Un
The melody for which famous song was written by sisters and school teachers Patty and Mildred Hill in Kentucky in 1893?  True:  Happy Birthday  pred:  1.
The melody for which famous song was written by sisters and school teachers Patty
What was the first British football team to win the European Cup?  True:  Celtic  pred:  1966 AC Milan
According to 2016 FIFA World Rankings, AC Milan
John Chapter 11 Verse 35 is the shortest verse in the Bible. How many words make up the verse?  True:  Two  pred:  9
John Chapter 11 Verse 35 is the shortest verse in the Bible
Who does Emilio Estevez play in the 1988 film ‘Young Guns’?  True:  Billy the Kid  pred:   Angela Merkel
Question: Who does Emilio Estevez play in the 198
Which constituency did Harold Macmillan represent when he was Prime Minister?  True:  BROMLEY  pred:    Epping and Ongar
A. Epping and Ongar
From the Greek words for dry and plant what word is given to a plant that has adapted to survive in an environment with little available water?  True:  Xerophyte  pred:    xerophyte
A green plant that is adapted to periods of drought
What is the longest river in Canada?  True:  Mackenzie River  pred:   The Mackenzie River
A. the Mackenzie River
B. the Hor
In which European country is the HQ of the food company, Nestle ?  True:  SWITZERLAND  pred:  2.
A. Australia
B. France
C. Germany
D.
What was the name of the family in the 1960s TV series `Upstairs Downstairs'?  True:  BELLAMY  pred:  1480 AD
A. Iberians
B. Chinese
C.
Taphephobia is the abnormal fear of being what?  True:  Buried alive  pred:  1.
A. Soap
B. Tea
C. Water
D.
"Which actress played the Bond Girl, ""Solitaire"" in the film ""Live and Let Die""?"  True:  Jane Seymour  pred:   Holly Goodhead
Question: "Which actress played the Bond Girl, ""Sol
Who is featured on Puff Daddy's Can't Hold Me Down?  True:  Mase  pred:  50 Cent
A. 50 Cent
B. Ja Rule
C.
Mark Bolland is the current Dutch born CEO of which retail chain?  True:  Marks & Spencer  pred:  18
A. Tommy Hilfiger
B. Sunglass Hut
C
Which is the largest borough in New York City?  True:  Queens  pred:  Manhattan
A. Brooklyn
B. Queens
C. Bronx
D
"Who developed the men's scent ""I Am King"", which was first marketed in February 2009?"  True:  Sean Combs  pred:  1.
A. Jean Paul Gaultier
B. Manolo Blah
What planets orbit takes it the furthest away from the sun?  True:  Neptune  pred:   Venus
A. Earth
B. Mars
C. Jupiter
D.
Just north of Bolton, on which English motorway will you find Rivington Services?  True:  M61  pred:   The M6 to the north of Bolton and the M61 to the south
Which is the only country on mainland Europe to be in the same time zone as the UK?  True:  Portugal  pred:   China
A.Turkey
B.France
C.India
D
Who was the British Admiral who died in 1707 when four of his ships were wrecked in the Scilly Isles?  True:  Sir Cloudesley Shovell  pred:  1485 AD
A. Francis Drake
B. Francis Drake
C.
In Greek mythology, who were Arges, Brontes and Steropes?  True:  Cyclopes  pred:  1. Arges 2. Brontes 3. Steropes

Which country, formerly known as Pleasant Island, is the smallest island country in the world?  True:  NAURU  pred:  1.
A. Fiji
B. Fiji
C. Fiji
D.
To within five years either way, in which year was the Boy Scout movement founded by Robert Baden-Powell?  True:  1907  pred:  1910 AD
A. 1910 BC
B. 1910
Who presents the new BBC documentary Science Britannica?  True:  Professor Brian Cox  pred:  1.
A. Sir Christopher Wren
B. Alan Turing
C.
Miami Beach in Florida borders which ocean?  True:  Atlantic  pred:  39.
A. Atlantic Ocean
B. Gulf of Mexico
C. Atlantic
Which modern-day country staged the sailing events for the 1980 Moscow Olympics?  True:  Estonia  pred:   United States

Explanation:  The 1980 Summer Olympics, officially known as
If you had a seal point and/or a blue point, what breed of cat do you have?  True:  Siamese  pred:  1. male. 2. female. 3. female. 4
What organisation was formed in 1670 when King Charles II of England granted a charter to Prince Rupert and others to give them large tracts of land and the trading rights over a large area?  True:  Hudson's Bay Company  pred:  1480 AD
A. Commonwealth War Graves Commission
B. Trades Union Congress
Which sculptor's works include St Michael's Victory over the Devil at Coventry Cathedral and Jacob and the Angel?  True:  JACOB EPSTEIN  pred:  03
A. Auguste Rodin
B. Augustus John
C
Italian brothers Francesco and Edoardo Molinari play what sport?  True:  Golf  pred:   Golf
According to the Random House Dictionary of the English Language, Second Edition,
Which town was the birthplace of David Garrick?  True:  HEREFORD  pred:  1.
A. London
B. York
C. York
D.
How is the number 14 written in Roman numerals?  True:  XIV  pred:  MMXIV
Roman numerals are also called numerals, numerals,
By what name is singer 'Anthony Dominic Benevetto' better known?  True:  Tony Bennett  pred:  02.
A. Evergreen
B. Cincinnati
C. Jarvis
D
Who painted The Luncheon of the Boating Party in 1881?  True:  Pierre-Auguste Renoir  pred:  White
A. Renoir
B. Renoir
C. Renoir
In Greek mythology, Tiresias disclosed the crimes of who?  True:  Oedipus  pred:  1. Heracles
2. Deucalion
3. Theseus

"""Holding Back the Years"", was a US No 1 hit record for which British pop group?"  True:  SIMPLY RED  pred:  10cc
A. The Rolling Stones
B. The Beatles
C.
Followers of what cult leader committed mass suicide by drinking Flavor-Ade?  True:  Jim Jones  pred:  1978
A. Jim Jones
B. Charles Manson
C. Charles
Benina international airport is in which country?  True:  Libya  pred:   Indian
A.India
B.India
C.India
D.
Which city is the headquarters of the Mormon church  True:  Salt Lake City  pred:   Salt Lake City, Utah
A. Niagara Falls, New York
B
Who played the part of Tony Wilson in the film '24 Hour Party People'?  True:  STEVE COOGAN  pred:  24 Hour Party People is a 2002 British drama film directed by Michael Winter
Which type of fish is used to make an Arbroath Smokie?  True:  Haddock  pred:  1. Sturgeon 2. Sturgeon 3. Sturgeon 4
In Greek mythology, what was the name of the nymphs who tended the garden from where Heracles stole golden apples?  True:  Hesperides  pred:   The Naiads
Question: In Greek mythology, what was the name of
The German company Recaro famously produces what high-performance product?  True:  Seats  pred:   Formula 1 racing cars
The German company Recaro famously produces what high-performance
Gwyl San Steffan is the name for 26th December (St Stephen's Day or Boxing Day) in which country?  True:  Wales  pred:  26th December (St Stephen's Day or Boxing Day) in which country?

Which legendary sunken land lies off the Isles of Scilly, to the south-west of Cornwall?  True:  Lyonesse  pred:   Great Orme Head
The Great Orme lighthouse was built in 183
In what year did Captain Matthew Webb become the first to swim the English Channel?  True:  1875  pred:  1875
A. 1875
B. 1876
C
Which 'Smokey' Robinson hit took 'Japan' to number nine in 1982?  True:  'I SECOND THAT EMOTION'  pred:   "Theme from 'Smokey and the Bandit'"<|end_of_text|><|end_of_text|><|end_of_text|><|end_of_text|>
Whose portrait (apart from the Queen) appeared on the now defunct one pound note?  True:  ISAAC NEWTON  pred:  1) Queen Elizabeth II
2) Queen Elizabeth II
3) Queen Elizabeth
In which part of the body will you find the 'Ligamentum nuchae'?  True:  The Neck  pred:  2.
A. Thoracic vertebrae
B. liver
C.
Who founded the TV production company 'David Paradine Productions'?  True:  DAVID FROST  pred:  1.
A. writer
B. director
C. producer
D.
"Which political philosopher wrote ""The Theory of Moral Sentiments"" and ""An Inquiry into the Nature and Causes of the Wealth of Nations""?"  True:  Adam Smith  pred:  1. Samuel Johnson 2. Adam Smith 3. David Hume
Which Scottish percussionist born in 1965 has been deaf since the age of 12?  True:  Evelyn Glennie  pred:  2
A. Mike Oldfield
B. Jimmy Page
C. The
What term describes a vertical stone bar separating the panes of a window, often found in Gothic architecture ?  True:  MULLION  pred:   wall
A. lozenge
B. jamb
C.
What is in a human's thoracic cavity?  True:  Lungs  pred:  17
A. bronchi
B. lungs
C. heart
D
G-BOAG, G-BOAC, and F-BVFC and the tragic F-BTSC designated what iconic 20thC invention?  True:  Concorde  pred:  20thC invention
A. electric motor
B. electric incandescent
What country is the world's largest producer of Tobacco?  True:  China  pred:   the United States

Question: What country is the world's largest producer of Tobacco
The popular 'Humming Chorus' comes from which Puccini opera?  True:  Madame Butterfly  pred:  26.
A. La boheme
B. Tosca
C. Mad
US veterinary pathologist Daniel Salmon (1850-1914) oversaw the discovery of what, named eponymously?  True:  Salmonella  pred:    tabes dorsalis
A. rabbit fever
B. rabbit fever

Who first hosted Family Feud?  True:  Richard Dawson  pred:  1956
A. Fred Allen
B. Bette Davis
C.
In which town is the Octagon Theatre?  True:  Bolton  pred:  01747
Question: In which town is the Octagon Theatre?Answer:
Who in 1845, wrote the poem 'The Pied Piper of Hamlin'?  True:  ROBERTBROWNING  pred:  1.
A. Barnum
B. Tolstoy
C. Tol
What claimed the life of singer Kathleen Ferrier?  True:  Cancer  pred:  12 September 1953
Kathleen Ferrier was an English contralto
In which film does Dustin Hoffman play Enrico Salvatore (Ratso) Rizzo?  True:  MIDNIGHT COWBOY  pred:  1948
A. Casablanca
B. Schindler's
"Which outdoor game is won by ""pegging out"  True:  Croquet  pred:  1) Cricket 2) Football 3) kabaddi 4)
First put on sale last week, Decision Points, currently ranked #1 in books on Amazon.com, is a memoir by what politician?  True:  George W. Bush  pred:  Cheney
A. Obama
B. George W. Bush
C
Which coral atoll, the largest island in the Chagos Archipelago, was forcibly depopulated in 1971 to make way for a joint UK/USA military base?  True:  DIEGO GARCIA  pred:   The archipelago is located in the Indian Ocean, to the east of the
What type of food dish is a ‘London Particular’?  True:  Soup  pred:   London Particular
London Particular is a type of food dish made from
Which National Trail runs for 268 miles from Edale to Kirk Yetholm?  True:  Pennine Way  pred:  16
A. Pennine Way
B. Lakeland Trail
C.
What is the term for the thousands of rocky or icy bodies orbiting the sun between Jupiter and Mars?  True:  Asteroid Belt  pred:   Planet
A. Terrestrials
B. Giant planets
C.
The home row for what keyboard layout is (from left to right) aoeuidhtbs-?  True:  Dvorak  pred:  1234
A. used
B. lost
C. saved
D
Which American played in his 10th Ryder Cup in 2014?  True:  PHIL MICKELSON  pred:  1979
A. Ian Woosnam
B. Ian Woosnam
In which European city is Kurtfurstendamm the main shopping street?  True:  BERLIN  pred:  981
A. Rome
B. Athens
C. Athens
D.
Who was the Whig Prime Minister of Great Britain from 1835 to 1841?  True:  VISCOUNT MELBOURNE  pred:   William Lamb, 2nd Viscount Melbourne
Question: Who was the
Who founded the 'London Philharmonic Orchestra' in 1931?  True:  Sir Thomas Beecham  pred:  1.
A. Adrian Boult
B. Sir Adrian Boult
C
Who became BBC Radio One Breakfast Show presenter in June 1973?  True:  Noel Edmonds  pred:   Paul O'Grady
Who became BBC Radio One Breakfast Show presenter in June
The lead singer of which band is known as Suggs?  True:  Madness  pred:   Holly Johnson
A. Duran Duran
B. Duran Duran
Name the year: The Macintosh is introduced, Louisiana hosted the last World’s Fair to be held in the US, Vanessa Williams resigns her Miss America crown, Band Aid records the song “Do They Know It’s Christmas” for famine relief, Union Carbide wipes out a good chunk of Bhopal, India  True:  1984  pred:  1988
This is the end of the preview. The full preview can be
In which river is the Boulder Dam?  True:  Colorado  pred:  82
A. Colorado River
B. Mississippi River
C. rivers of
Who is the Greek God of War?  True:  ARES  pred:   Zeus
Explanation:  Zeus is the Greek God of War
Following the break-up of The Beatles, what was the title of George Harrison's first solo album?  True:  All Things Must Pass  pred:   Revolver
Answer:  Revolver
Explanation:  Revolver was the
In which English cathedral is the tomb of King John?  True:  Worcester  pred:  1485
A. Westminster Abbey
B. York Minster
C.
Who did the British fight at the Battle of Rorke's Drift in 1879?  True:  Zulus  pred:  1) British 2) Zulu 3) British 4) British
O UGLY NINE is an anagram of which singer songwriter?  True:  Neil Young  pred:  02. 02. 02. 02. 02. 02
Of all the rugby teams to have participated in the 2008- 2009 Guinness Premiership, which team is furthest west?  True:  BRISTOL  pred:  6th on the list
A. London Wasps
B. London Irish
What product invented by Frederick Walton in 1864 became so widely used and 'stepped on' that the name became generic just 14 years after its invention?  True:  Linoleum  pred:  1480
A. Skin disease
B. Skin disease
C. Skin
Chesney Allen formed a double act with which famous entertainer?  True:  Bud Flanagan  pred:  11
Chesney Allen formed a double act with which famous entertainer?

What was abolished by the Supreme Court in 1972, but reinstated in 1976?  True:  Death Penalty  pred:  1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6
Rolls Royce dashboards are traditionally finished in the veneer of which type of wood?  True:  Walnut  pred:   (1) and (2)  (3)  (4)
Which Scottish University was established as the world's first Mechanics Institute in 1821 ?  True:  HERIOT-WATT  pred:   The University of Glasgow
A. University of St. Andrews
B. University
'Baby Come Back' was a number one hit in 1968 for which group, founded by Eddy Grant?  True:  'THE EQUALS'  pred:   Simon & Garfunkel
Answer:  Simon & Garfunkel
Which English novelist is best known for his Father Brown detective series?  True:  G K Chesterton  pred:  1480
A. Bram Stoker
B. Mary Shelley
C.
In which country was the inventor of the machine gun Hiram Maxim born?  True:  USA  pred:   United States
A. United Kingdom
B. United States
C.
Which Cricket county's ' Twenty / 20 ' team are known as the ' Foxes ' ?  True:  LEICESTERSHIRE  pred:   The Super Kings
A. Australia
B. England
C. India

Which British-American actress died on 23rd March 2011, aged 79?  True:  Elizabeth Taylor  pred:  2
A. Zoë Wanamaker
B. Zoë Wanam
In 2009, who was convicted of the murder of Lana Clarkson?  True:  Phil Spector  pred:   Mickey Rourke
Question: In 2009, who was convicted of the
The flag of Libya is a plain rectangle of which color?  True:  Green  pred:  1
A. Red
B. White
C. Black
D.
Ashton Carter, appointed USA Secretary of Defense in 2015, succeeded whom?  True:  Chuck Hagel  pred:  2
A. Robert Gates
B. Leon Panetta
C. Chuck
A footpad was a criminal from the 16th to 19th century but what term is used to describe them today?  True:  MUGGER  pred:  12th Century to 19th Century to 20th Century
A.
Which British monarch founded the Yeomen of the Guard, originally as a royal bodyguard?  True:  Henry VII  pred:  1
A. Edward III
B. Elizabeth I
C. Henry VIII
"In which old children's TV programme did the ""biggest spotty dog you ever did see"" feature?"  True:  THE WOODENTOPS  pred:  1970s police drama The Sweeney
The 1970s and
Which Serbian football club is the only one from that country to win an UEFA completion?  True:  RED STAR BELGRADE  pred:  1 January 2010
According to 2010 survey, what is the
Which city in Saxony was known as Karl-Marx-Stadt from 1953 until 1990?  True:  CHEMNITZ  pred:  1
A. Leipzig
B. Dresden
C. Chemnitz

Robert Hubert was hanged for confessing to what?  True:  Starting the Great Fire  pred:  1. murder
2. murder
3. murder
4. murder

Also known as the Roland Garros, what is the Grand Slam Tennis event that started this week on the clay courts?  True:  French Open  pred:  2010 French Open
A. Australian Open
B. French Open
C
What company's mascots include a gecko, a caveman, and a talking pile of money?  True:  Geico  pred:  7-Eleven
7-Eleven is an American chain of convenience stores
What author observed, "Any sufficiently advanced technology is indistinguishable from magic"?  True:  Arthur C. Clarke  pred:   Isaac Asimov
Question: What author observed, "Any sufficiently advanced technology
Which literary character is the best known creation of the writer Earl Derr Biggers?  True:  CHARLIE CHAN  pred:  1.
A. Sam Spade
B. Hildegarde
C
Babaotai Chuanwen refers to the so-called 'Eight (what?) Scandal' in Chinese news, Feb 2012?  True:  Baby  pred:  1. Banana 2. Christopher
A. 1 and 2
In the US television show ‘The Sopranos’, which country permanently banned Janice Soprano from entering after putting her on an Unwanted Persons list?  True:  Canada  pred:   Robinson Crusoe Island
Explanation: Robinson Crusoe Island is an island in the
The rules for what card game state: A standard 52 card deck is used, with the cards in each suit ranking as usual from ace (high) down to two (low). Each heart is worth one penalty point and the queen of spades is worth 13 penalty points. The other cards have no value. The object is to avoid scoring points. On the first hand after a deal, each player any 3 cards to the person to their left. On the second hand, cards are passed to the right, across on the third hand, and no cards are passed on the fourth. The cycle continues. The person who holds the 2 of clubs must lead the first trick. The game continues until a player has scored 100 points.  True:  Hearts  pred:  1) Aces are worth 1 point, followed by K, Q,
Who wrote 'The Legend Of Sleepy Hollow'?  True:  WASHINGTON IRVING  pred:  1.
A. Edgar Allan Poe
B. Washington Irving
C. Henry
Sardinian, Cetti’s and Dartford are among varieties of which bird?  True:  Warbler  pred:  1, 2, 3
A. The blackbird
B.
In 1932 Margaret Kelly founded which famous all-female dancing troupe?  True:  The Bluebell Girls  pred:  1932 Margaret Kelly founded a famous all-female dancing troupe, Sweethe
What public school did the Duke of Edinburgh and Prince Charles attend?  True:  Gordonston  pred:   pre-preparatory school
A. Winchester College
B. Eton College
Who was the 8th President of the United States from 1837- 1841?  True:  MARTIN VAN BUREN  pred:  John Breckinridge
John Breckinridge was the 8th
“Instrument for measuring the humidity of air or gas.” A definition of what?  True:  HYGROMETER  pred:  1. Something used for measuring the humidity of air or gas. 2.
The invention of what in 1867, made Alfred Nobel famous?  True:  Dynamite  pred:   Aspirin
A. what
B. what
C. what

Which 85 year old former MP is the only female member of the Order of Merit?  True:  BETTY BOOTHROYD  pred:  1
A. Indira Gandhi
B. Indira Gandhi
C.
In the 1950s which tennis player entered the Wimbledon Ladies Singles three times winning oh each occasion?  True:  Maureen Connolly  pred:  1) Maureen Connolly 2) Martina Navratilova
Neal Foulds, John Dunning and Mark Williams are associated with which sport?  True:  Snooker  pred:  1. Rugby 2. Cricket 3. Soccer 4. Tennis

Who was the defending champion when Martina Navratilova first won Wimbledon singles?  True:  Virginia Wade  pred:  1977
Question: Who was the defending champion when Martina Navratil
Which motorway links Coventry to Leicester?  True:  M69  pred:   M6
A. M1
B. M25
C. M
What is the final event in a decathlon?  True:  1500 metres  pred:  100 meter dash
A. 200 meter dash
B. 400 meter
What is the name of the drunken robot in the TV series Futurama?  True:  BENDER  pred:  742 Evergreen Terrace
Question: What is the name of the drunken robot in
What is the US state capital of Louisiana?  True:  Baton Rouge  pred:  1. Baton Rouge2. New Orleans3. Memphis4. Memphis
A
Who won the 2010 Giro D'Italia?  True:  Ivan Basso  pred:  2010 Giro D'Italia Winner: Vincenzo Nibali
Edward Stanley served three terms as Prime Minister in the 19th century, he was known by what title?  True:  Earl of Derby  pred:  1st Earl of Derby
A. Earl of Derby
B. Earl of
Which British king married Mary of Teck?  True:  GEORGE V  pred:  1485 AD
A. Edward IV
B. Elizabeth I
C.
In 'Scarface' which character was played by Al Pacino?  True:  Tony Montana  pred:  2
A. Tony Montana
B. Tony Montana
C. Tony Montana
Jupiter ; Saturn and Uranus are three of the so-called ' gas giants ' in our Solar System: what is the fourth ?  True:  NEPTUNE  pred:   Neptune
A. Mercury
B. Venus
C. Earth

What is the name used in North America for a man who makes his living by felling trees?  True:  Lumberjack  pred:  1.
A. logger
B. missionary
C. missionary
D.
The Nullarbor Plain is in which country?  True:  Australia  pred:   Australia
A. Sulawesi
B. Sulawesi
C
The fictional country of the Republic of Elbonia, supposedly somewhere in the former Soviet bloc, is featured in which comic strip?  True:  Dilbert  pred:  24
section: Events > Baseball > World Series > Commissioner's Trophy
The
Which British-American actress died on 23rd March 2011, aged 79?  True:  Elizabeth Taylor  pred:  2
A. Zoë Wanamaker
B. Zoë Wanam
Lasting from 1299 to 1922, the Ottoman empire roughly corresponds to what modern day country?  True:  Turkey  pred:   Turkey
A.
B.
C.
D.
Answer:
"Written and first recorded in 1937, ""One O'Clock Jump"" became the theme tune of which orchestra?"  True:  COUNT BASIE ORCHESTRA  pred:   (a) Modern Jazz Quartet
(b) Modern Jazz Quartet
(c
What type of bird was the first released by Noah?  True:  Raven  pred:  1.
A. The petrel
B. The petrel
C.
Hans Holbein the Younger was court painter to which English monarch?  True:  Henry VIII  pred:   Queen Elizabeth I
Explanation: Hans Holbein the Younger was a German
The rotator cuff is a group of muscles and tendons that act to stabilize which part of the body?  True:  Shoulder  pred:  2
A. leg
B. arm
C. shoulder
D.
"What purple berry from South America has been promoted as a ""superfood""?"  True:  Açaí berry  pred:   Turkish Delight
A. impatiens downy mildew
B.
Lutra lutra is the Latin name of which British mammal?  True:  Otter  pred:  1.
A. Fox
B. Fox
C. Fox
D.
What name is given to a positive whole number that can only be divided by 1 or itself?  True:  Prime  pred:  1
Question: What name is given to a positive whole number that can only
Who wrote the 1930’s novel ‘Tender is the Night’?  True:  F. Scott Fitzgerald  pred:  1. F. Scott Fitzgerald
2. Samuel Beckett
3. Jer
What was the Spice Girls' debut single called?  True:  Wannabee  pred:  2 Become 1
Question: What was the Spice Girls' debut single called
According to the film Gremlins, if you are looking after a Gremlin you should not feed him after midnight, not get him wet and not expose him to what?  True:  Bright Light  pred:  1. Hotness 2. Coldness 3. Humidity 4
Bithynia was an ancient province on which sea?  True:  BLACK SEA  pred:  1. Levant
2. Levant
3. Levant
4
Which Frenchman was the founder of the modern games?  True:  Baron de Coubertin  pred:  1.
A. makeshift
B. parcheesi
C. backgam
"What is the meaning of the word ""furrow""?"  True:  Narrow trench  pred:  1. Something, such as a crack in the ground. 2. A
In what decade was Darwin's 'On the Origin of Species' first published?  True:  1850s  pred:  1859
A. or 1860
B. 1870

In which English town or city is Her Majesty's Prison Foston Hall?  True:  Derby  pred:   Tenby, Pembrokeshire, Wales
The following is a list
Which 'Regal' male singer provided the half-time entertainment for the 2007 Superbowl?  True:  Prince  pred:  02
A. The Black Eyed Peas
B. The Rolling Stones
Which island group became known as The Friendly Islands?  True:  Tonga  pred:   Tonga
A. Zealandia
B. Australasia
C. Austral
Which is the sixth book of the New Testament, following Acts?  True:  EPISTLE TO THE ROMANS  pred:  1 Corinthians
A. Epistle to the Romans
B. Epistle to
What hero from Greek mythology was killed by a discus thrown by Apollo, who then named a flower after him, made from his spilled blood?  True:  Hyacinth  pred:   Southpawage
Answer:  Southpawage
Explanation:
In the nursery rhyme, which was the last creature eaten by the woman who swallowed a fly?  True:  A Horse  pred:  1.
A. a serpent
B. a serpent
C. a serpent
Which branch of the US federal police, the oldest, is charged with court security, prisoner transport, serving arrest warrants and seeking fugitives?  True:  US Marshals Service  pred:  1
A. US Marshals Service
B. US Secret Service
C
Which cricketer holds the record of taking the most wickets in Test Matches for England?  True:  IAN BOTHAM  pred:  12
A. Stuart Broad
B. Stuart Broad
C. Stuart Broad
What was the name of the operation whereby 1,373 U.S. citizens and 5,595 Vietnamese and foreign nationals were evacuated from the South Vietnamese capital of Saigon on 29 and 30 April 1975?  True:  Operation Frequent Wind  pred:  1,373 U.S. citizens and 5,595 Vietnamese and foreign nationals
What national capital is less than 100 kilometers from Tallinn?  True:  Helsinki  pred:  4.
A. Riga
B. Tallinn
C. Vilni
What did Charles D. Barrow of Pennsylvania devise in 1934 and then sell to the Parker Bros. organisation?  True:  'MONOPOLY'  pred:  1.
A. Phosphorus
B. and lead
C. Copper
Noel Coward died in 1973. In which country?  True:  Jamaica  pred:   Robinson Crusoe Island
Explanation: Robinson Crusoe Island is an island in the
What naturalist’s quest to save Rwandan gorillas from poaching was made into the 1988 Academy Award-nominated film “Gorillas in the Mist”?  True:  Dian Fossey  pred:  1988
A. King Kong
B. Free Willy
C.
American Jazz musician John Coltrane is famous for playing which instrument?  True:  Saxophone  pred:  1. tenor saxophone
2. baritone saxophone
3.
What name was given to a series of thirty evening radio speeches given by US President Franklin D. Roosevelt in 1933 and 1944?  True:  Fireside chats  pred:  1933-1934 New Deal
A. birthday party
B. birthday
Which battle of 1897 brought Anglo-Egyptian control of Sudan?  True:  Omdurman  pred:  1897
A. Omdurman
B. Omdurman
What is classed as the Blue Riband of the Henley Regatta  True:  Diamond Sculls  pred:  1800
A. Head of the River
B. Head of the River
The fictitious South American city/country El Dorado was abundant with?  True:  Gold  pred:  1
A. Gold
B. Diamonds
C. hardwood
D.
What type of bridge was used to bring water to Roman cities?  True:  Aqueduct  pred:  1) Cloaca Maxima 2) Cloaca Maxima 3)
Charcot-Marie-Tooth disease is an inherited muscle wasting disease affecting which part of the body?  True:  The legs  pred:  3rd finger
A.Median nerve
B. Ulnar nerve

Which group had a number one hit in July 2010 with 'The Club Is Alive'?  True:  'JLS'  pred:  02
A. Bananarama
B. Girls Aloud
C
What is the Japanese share index called?  True:  Nikkei  pred:  225
A. Nikkei 225
B. NIKKEI
Name the Greek equivalent to the Roman goddess, Diana?  True:  ARTEMIS  pred:   Artemis
Question: Name the Greek equivalent to the Roman goddess,
What is the second biggest city in the UK?  True:  Birmingham  pred:  2nd biggest city in the United Kingdom
A. London
B. Birmingham
Which seabird that ranges widely in the Southern Ocean and the North Pacific has the largest wingspan of any existing birds?  True:  Albatross  pred:   New World vulture
A. northern caracara
B. thick-b
In which town or city were most of the Bowie knives made  True:  Sheffield  pred:  1) Baltimore, Maryland 2) Baltimore, Maryland 3) Baltimore,
Which 1989 music video of Madonna attracted criticism for showing images like her making love to Saint Martin de Porres, use of Catholic iconography including a scene where she develops stigmata as well as cross burning?  True:  """Like a Prayer"""  pred:  1989
A. Vogue
B. The Power of Good-Bye
The Philippines has 7,107 islands, which other Asian country is an archipelago of 17,504 islands?  True:  Indonesia  pred:   Philippines
A. Indonesia
B. Malaysia
C. Sri Lanka
D
Robert Walden Cassotto achieved fame under what name?  True:  BOBBY DARIN  pred:  1.
A. orator
B. dramatist
C. dram
Who co-starred with George Clooney in the 2013 movie Gravity?  True:  Sandra Bullock  pred:   Mark Hamill
Who co-starred with George Clooney in the 201
Which English town is known for its collection of concrete cows?  True:  Milton Keynes  pred:  017
A. Belfast
B. Belfast
C. Birmingham
D.
Babel Fish is an icon/metaphor/brand for instantaneous what?  True:  Translation  pred:  1. Pragmatism 2. Pragmatism 3.
What would a polyandric woman have more than one of?  True:  HUSBAND  pred:  1.
A. sex organs
B. eggs
C. sperm
D
"Which island is/was politically divided by the ""Attilla Line""?"  True:  CYPRUS  pred:  1.
A. Cyprus
B. Malta
C. Malta
D.
Lupine relates to which animal?  True:  Wolf  pred:  1.
A. cats
B. cats
C. cats
D.
What is the name of the life-size plastic dummies in the television series Doctor Who, the first of which arrived on Earth in hollow plastic meteorites with deadly weapons concealed in their hands?  True:  Autons  pred:  1) Sontarans 2) Sontarans 3)
Creme Anglaise is the French version of which English dessert item?  True:  Custard  pred:  1480
A. Plums
B. Pudding
C.
At which castle was Mary Queen of Scots beheaded?  True:  Fotheringhay  pred:  1) Coventry 2) Coventry 3) Coventry 4
What was bandleader Joe Loss's signature tune  True:  In The Mood  pred:  1940's "Crazy Rhythm"
Question: What was bandleader
Which 20th century British prime minister had the longest surname ?  True:  CAMPBELL-BANNERMAN  pred:   Diefenbaker
A. David Lloyd George
B. Winston Churchill
What is footballer Ryan Giggs real surname?  True:  Wilson  pred:   The son of a fishmonger, Ryan Giggs was born on the
Which Latin word is used for a recess in a church wall containing a basin for washing holy vessels?  True:  PISCINA  pred:  1780 AD
A. cubiculum
B. oratorium
C.
What is the opposite of an acid?  True:  a Base  pred:  1. base 2. base 3. base 4. base
On what river is the city of Norwich  True:  Wensum  pred:  1.
A. Thames
B. Severn
C. Thames
D
Shire, Arabian, Mustang, and Hackney are types of?  True:  Horse  pred:  1.
A. cattle
B. sheep
C. pigs
D.
A ‘gricer’ is a slang term for a what?  True:  TRAINSPOTTER  pred:  1) orator 2) human trafficking 3) orator 4
Name Microsoft's hands-free gaming system launched in June 2010, a made-up word alluding to joining?  True:  Kinect  pred:  4
A. Kinect
B. its
C. its
D.
Founded in London in 1844 by George Williams, which organisation was established to provide low cost housing in a safe environment?  True:  YMCA  pred:  1. NSPCC
2. NSPCC
3. Age Concern
Alphabetically which is the last book of the Old Testament?  True:  ZEPHANIAH  pred:  1 Esdras
A. The Book of Esther
B. The Book
True or false a bird had more neck bones than a giraffe  True:  True  pred:  1
A. True
B. correct
C. false
D.
"From which Beatles song do the following lyrics come, ""Nothing's going to change my world""?"  True:  'ACROSS THE UNIVERSE'  pred:   (a)Back in the U.S.S.R.(b)All you need
Which Radio 2 DJ christened ‘Dallas’ character Lucy Ewing ‘The Poison Dwarf’?  True:  Terry Wogan  pred:  2
A. Bob Monkhouse
B. Robert Robinson
C. Robert
What is the result of raising any number to the power of zero?  True:  1  pred:  0
This is the result of raising any number to the power of zero.
What is measured by a Hygrometer?  True:  Humidity  pred:  1. Temperature 2. Humidity 3. Air Pressure 4.
Who was the only Prime Minister of Britain to be assassinated?  True:  Spencer Percival  pred:   D
A. Benjamin Disraeli
B. Sir Winston Churchill
C
Composer Giacomo Puccini died leaving which opera unfinished?  True:  Turandot  pred:  19th-century opera composer Giacomo Puccini died in 1924
A group of which fish is called a Lap?  True:  Cod  pred:  1. Cod 2. Sturgeon 3. Sturgeon 4.
The port of Mocha is in which country?  True:  Yemen  pred:  1
A. Indonesia
B. Indonesia
C. Indonesia
D.
Bonar Law is the only Prime Minister not born in the UK. In which country was he born?  True:  Canada  pred:   Indian
A. India
B. Pakistan
C. Bangladesh
D.
In 'Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone' what is the name of the three-headed dog provided by 'Hagrid' to guard the trapdoor leading to the chamber where the stone was kept?  True:  'FLUFFY'  pred:  1. Rubeus Hagrid 2. Peter Pettigrew 3
Who killed Lee harvey Oswald?  True:  Jack Ruby  pred:  1) Lee Harvey Oswald 2) Frank Sturgis 3) Buck
In which country are the wine areas of Suhindol and Thrace?  True:  Bulgaria  pred:  1. Portugal 2. Portugal 3. Portugal 4. Portugal
The second act, set in the Land of Sweets, of which ballet by Tchaikovsky includes the Dance of the Reed Flutes?  True:  THE NUTCRACKER SUITE  pred:  2
A. The Sleeping Beauty
B. Swan Lake
C. The
Which bird was the emblem of Prussia?  True:  EAGLE  pred:  1.
A. The petrel
B. The petrel
C.
A wisp or walk is the collective noun for which group of birds? Latin name gallinago gallinago.  True:  Snipe  pred:  1.
A. geese
B. swans
C. ducks

Which South Wales town was formed when Margam and Aberavon combined in the 1920s?  True:  PORT TALBOT  pred:  16
Aberavon
Margam
Margam and Aberavon
In Norse mythology, who was best known for carrying a hammer?  True:  Thor  pred:  1. Thor 2. Thor 3. Thor 4. Thor
Which is the largest of the United Arab Emirates?  True:  Abu Dhabi  pred:  1.
A. Abu Dhabi
B. Dubai
C. Sharjah

‘Back to Bedlam’ was the debut album for which British singer?  True:  James Blunt  pred:  1. Elton John2. Siouxsie and the Banshees
Sandra Bullock won this year's 'Oscar' for Best Actress for her role as 'Leigh Anne Tuohy', in which film?  True:  'THE BLIND SIDE'  pred:  12 Years a Slave
A. Gravity
B.Elysium
C
Which 20th Century U.S. President was a Peanut Farmer?  True:  JIMMY CARTER  pred:  20th Century U.S. President George H. W. Bush was a peanut
The axilla is the anatomical name for which part of the body?  True:  Armpit  pred:   or
A. leg
B. arms
C. arms and legs

Beers called Budweiser are named after a city of which modern nation?  True:  Czech Republic  pred:   United States
A. United Kingdom
B. United States
C.
Who was elected US President in November 2012?  True:  Barack Obama  pred:  2
A. Mitt Romney
B. Barack Obama
C. Rick Sant
Gary Busey played which pop star in a 1978 film?  True:  Buddy Holly  pred:   (a) Linda Ronstadt (b) Linda Ronstadt (c) Linda
Which band released the albums Sheer Heart Attack and A Day at the Races?  True:  Queen  pred:   Townes Van Zandt
Townes Van Zandt is an American
What was the occupation of St Peter, the leader of the Apostles?  True:  Fisherman  pred:  1.
A. Bishop
B. Priest
C. Dean
D.
In which street did the Great Fire of London originate  True:  Pudding Lane  pred:  1
A. modern-day Newgate Street
B. Long Lane
C
‘Impossible is nothing’ is the motto of which sportswear company?  True:  Adidas  pred:   The Presidential Task Force on kidney disease was set up by the Government of India in
The town of Honiton in Devon is famous for producing what?  True:  Lace  pred:  1480
A. wood
B. wool
C. potatoes
D
On which island does a narrow gauge railway run from Craignure to Torosay Castle?  True:  Mull  pred:   Iona
A narrow gauge railway runs from Craignure to Toros
What dramatically fictionalised king actually ruled the Scots 1040-57?  True:  Macbeth  pred:   Rex plurimarum insularum Amlaíb Cuarán,
What was the surname of the woman who was the inspiration behind the Rolling Stones song Angie?  True:  Bowie  pred:  1. What was the surname of the woman who was the inspiration behind the Rolling
The 1938 work The Black Jacobins by C. L. R. James is an account of what upheaval that took place between 1791 and 1804?  True:  Haitian revolution  pred:  1791-1804
A. the Haitian Revolution
B. the
In the game of Cluedo, what colour is the piece that represents Mrs Peacock?  True:  Blue  pred:  2
This is the name of a piece in the board game Cluedo
Which are the only mammals to have wings?  True:  Bats  pred:  1.
A. horses
B. cats
C. bats
D.
For a point each, name the 4 countries surrounding Belgium.  True:  France, Germany, Luxembourg, and the Netherlands  pred:  1. The Netherlands 2. France 3. Germany 4. Luxembourg
Also known as the Roland Garros, what is the Grand Slam Tennis event that started this week on the clay courts?  True:  French Open  pred:  2010 French Open
A. Australian Open
B. French Open
C
"""84 Charing Cross Road"" is a book based on 20 years of correspondence between which New York writer and Frank Doel, an antiquarian bookseller in London?"  True:  Helene Hanff  pred:  1. G. K. Chesterton 2. George Orwell 3.
Sanskrit is an ancient language of which modern day country?  True:  India  pred:   India
Explanation: Sanskrit is an ancient language of India. It is
"What has been described as the ""fifth"" taste, after sweet, sour, bitter, and salty?"  True:  Umami  pred:  5.
A. salty
B. salty
C. sour
D.
In the 1994 Cash for Questions affair, in which the Guardian exposed two Tory MPs taking payments from Mohamed Al-Fayed, who was the MP for Beaconsfield implicated?  True:  Tim Smith  pred:  1994
Question: In the 1994 Cash for Questions affair, in
In which race did Zola Budd and Mary Decker famously collide at the 1984 Olympics?  True:  3000 metres  pred:  1480 AD
A. Koreans
B. orphans
C. or
The Picts were an ancient tribe of people occupying what country in Roman times?  True:  Scotland  pred:  1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6
Dageurreotype/dageurrotype is a mid-1800s form of?  True:  Photograph  pred:   Cartoon
A. medium
B. large
C. small
D.
Who wrote the Buddy Holly hit 'It Doesn't Matter Anymore'?  True:  PAUL ANKA  pred:  1) Buddy Holly; 2) Buddy Holly; 3) Buddy Holly
Who was the first Briton to hold a world javelin record  True:  Fatima Whitbread  pred:  15 February 2008 16:22 UTC www.telegraph.co.uk/s
Tommy Bolin, who died of a heroin overdose in 1976, was the lead guitarist with which group?  True:  DEEP PURPLE  pred:  80sists
Tommy Bolin, who died of a heroin overdose in
In relation to phobias what word describes the fear of strangers or foreigners?  True:  XENOPHOBIA  pred:  1. agoraphobia 2. claustrophobia 3.
Which river is most sacred to the Hindu religion?  True:  Ganges  pred:  1.
A. Ganga
B. Yamuna
C. Godav
What type of acid is extracted from the juice of lemons, oranges, limes, and grapefruit?  True:  Citric acid  pred:  1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6
The UEFA (Union of European Football Associations) was founded in which European country in 1954?  True:  Switzerland  pred:   France
A. Australia
B. USA
C. Canada
D.
In which film did Kenneth Williams say infamy infamy they've all got it in for me?  True:  CARRY ON CLEO  pred:  1948 play One Man, Two Guvnors
Answer: 1948
The Canary Islands are named after what animal?  True:  Dog  pred:   The Canary Islands are named after the Canary Islands, an archipelago in the
Who wrote the 1963 novel ‘The Spy Who Came in From the Cold’?  True:  John Le Carre  pred:  1963: The Spy Who Came in From the Cold by John le Carré
On which river are the Victoria Falls?  True:  Zambezi  pred:  1.
A. Zambezi
B. Limpopo
C.
Who played Detective Sergeant Trotter in the original 1952 West End cast of The Mousetrap?  True:  Richard Attenborough  pred:   Daphne Oxenford
Dame Daphne Oxenford was
'The Deep' is an aquarium at the confluence of which river with the Humber Estuary?  True:  (River) HULL  pred:  1.
A. River Swale
B. River Swale
C.
Who killed Jean Paul Marat?  True:  Charlotte Corday  pred:  1. Jean Paul Marat 2. Jean Paul Marat 3.
What is the family home of the Spencer family for over 500 years?  True:  Althorp  pred:  1485 AD
A. Country house
B. country house
C.
What is a 'Judogi' used for?  True:  A Judogi is the formal Japanese name for the traditional uniform used for Judo practice and competition  pred:  1. To protect the wearer from sabre cuts 2. To protect the
Colchester stands on which river? The river shares its name with a Lancashire town.  True:  Colne  pred:  1. Colchester is a cathedral city in the county of Essex, England.
Which organization launched the Firefox smartphone operating system in 2013, targeting the developing world?  True:  Mozilla  pred:  1.
A. Google
B. YouTube
C. Mozilla
D.
‘Back to Bedlam’ was the debut album for which British singer?  True:  James Blunt  pred:  2x)
A. Kate Bush
B. Siouxsie and the
What dance craze was named after a city in South Carolina?  True:  The Charleston  pred:  1950s
A. the Madison
B. the Charleston
C.
Which UK television chef made Earl Grey and mandarin hot cross buns for Waitrose?  True:  Heston Blumenthal  pred:  1
A. Nigella Lawson
B. Theresa May
C.
What are the table-top mountains found in the Guiana Highlands of South America (especially Venezuela) that inspired Arthur Conan Doyle's The Lost World and also appear prominently in the landscapes of the Pixar hit Up?  True:  Tepuis  pred:  1.
A. the Andes
B. the Andes
C.
Which brand of beer does Homer Simpson drink regularly?  True:  Duff  pred:  3
A. Budweiser
B. MillerCoors
C.
"Which city was the target of the first ""Thousand Bomber Raid"" on May 30th/31st 1942?"  True:  Cologne  pred:  193
A. London
B. London
C. London
D.
Whose fifth symphony is known as “The Reformation”?  True:  Felix Mendelssohn  pred:  17th century
A. Beethoven
B. Haydn
C.
What parliamentary seat was not contested on 6 May in the UK general election due to the pre-election death of a candidate?  True:  Thirsk and Malton  pred:  1
A.  MP for Southampton Itchen
B.  MP for
Which car company produces a model called Eos?  True:  Volkswagen  pred:  2017
A.Volkswagen
B.Hyundai
C.
In September 1645 after the surrender of which city, was Prince Rupert dismissed by Charles I?  True:  Bristol  pred:  1.
A. Oxford
B. Newark
C. Newark
D.
September 23, 1939 saw the death of what famed neurologist, best known for founding the field of psychoanalysis?  True:  Sigmund Freud  pred:  1.
A. Eugen Bleuler
B. Sigmund Freud

Saint Therese is associated with which town?  True:  Lisieux  pred:  1.
A. Lucknow
B. Mandi
C. Mandi
What became the last city on earth to experience the horror of a nuclear bomb when the B-29 Bockscar devastated what Japanese city on August 9, 1945?  True:  Nagasaki  pred:   Nagasaki
A. Hiroshima
B. Nagasaki
C. Nag
In which sport is the Vince Lombardi awarded?  True:  American Football  pred:  1.
A. Football
B. Rugby
C. Cricket
D.
The name of which chemical element, with the symbol 'Tc', is derived from the Greek for 'artificial'?  True:  TECHNETIUM  pred:   "Technetium" is named after the Greek word for "artificial"
When was basketball invented: 17th, 18th or 19th century?  True:  19th century  pred:  18th century
Explanation: Basketball was invented in 1891 by James Na
"Who wrote the poem ""Daffodils""?"  True:  William Wordsworth  pred:  1.
A. Lord Byron
B. Lord Tennyson
C.
"The men's aftershaves or colognes ""Encounter"" and ""Euphoria"" are marketed under which perfume company's name?"  True:  Calvin Klein  pred:  1.
A. L'Oréal
B. Coty
C.
Which composer was married to Clara Wieck from 1840 until his death in 1856?  True:  ROBERT SCHUMANN  pred:   Cesar Cui
Cesar Cui was a Russian composer who was married
The announcement came in November 1978 that which member of the 'Royal Family' was to join the armed forces?  True:  PRINCE ANDREW  pred:  1
A. Prince Charles
B. Prince Andrew
C. Prince Edward
Name the year - Norfolk farmer Tony Martin shootsand kills a 16 year old burglar in his farmhouse, UK fuel protesters almost bring the country to a standstill and Paula Yates and Robin Day both sadly die ?  True:  2000  pred:  2011
Question: Name the year - Norfolk farmer Tony Martin shootsand kills
In musical terminology, what word describes sliding between two notes?  True:  GLISSANDO  pred:   raises
A. śruti
B. śruti
C.
What is the Christian service or ceremony, named from Greek meaning grateful, commemorating the Last Supper?  True:  Eucharist  pred:  1 Corinthians 11:23-26 It is the Lord's Supper.
Who was assassinated in 1968 in the Ambassador Hotel in Los Angeles?  True:  Robert Kennedy  pred:  1. Senator Robert F. Kennedy 2. Martin Luther King, Jr.
What Pakistani river valley was home to one of the world's most advanced civilizations in 2000 BC?  True:  Indus Valley  pred:   Indus Valley Civilisation
Explanation:  The Indus Valley Civil
Which woman was the singer with Big Brother and the Holding Company?  True:  Janis Joplin  pred:  1) Janis Joplin 2) Bonnie Raitt 3
In which European city was the 1968 Eurovision Song Contest held?  True:  London  pred:  1968 was the debut year of the Eurovision Song Contest, held at the
The Khyber Pass is approximately how many miles long?  True:  33 Miles  pred:  80 miles
A. 60 miles
B. 70 miles
C
Between 1987 and 2006, Ratu Sir Kamisese Mara, Commodore Frank Bainimarama, Mahendra Chaudhry, Laisenia Qarase, Lieutenant Colonel Sitiveni Rabuka, George Speight and Ratu Josefa Iloilo were involved in the politics of which country?  True:  Fiji  pred:   Indian Ocean Commission
Explanation: The Indian Ocean Commission (IOC) is a regional
June 2, 2004 saw the beginning of the streak in which what Edmonds, WA native won 74 consecutive games on Jeopardy?  True:  Ken Jennings  pred:  2004 NBA All-Star Game. McDonough won the game to amass
Which Shakespeare play centres around a novice nun called 'Isabella' whosebrother is to be executed unless she succumbs to the attentions of 'Angelo'?  True:  'MEASURE FOR MEASURE'  pred:  38
A. Julius Caesar
B. Julius Caesar
C. Hamlet
Eddie, Lou, and Clancy are the face of law and order on what long running tv show?  True:  The Simpsons  pred:  60 Minutes
A. Buying and Selling
B. Buying and Selling
C
How is the American singer Anna Mae Bullock better known?  True:  Tina Turner  pred:   Sammy Davis Jr.
Question: How is the American singer Anna Mae Bullock better
August 6, 1912 saw formation of The Bull Moose Party, with what total bad assed at the lead?  True:  Teddy Roosevelt  pred:   Arlo Guthrie
August 6, 1912 saw formation of The
Who was the author of 'Daniel Deronda' published in 1876?  True:  GEORGE ELIOT  pred:  1.
A. George Eliot
B. Rudyard Kipling

"Which American President used the slogan: ""It's the economy, stupid"" for his presidential campaign?"  True:  BILL CLINTON  pred:  1, Ronald Reagan
A. Bebe Rebozo
B. Lucy
"In the TV version of ""The Odd Couple"", the part of Felix Ungar was played by Tony Randall. Which actor played the part in the original 1968 film?"  True:  JACK LEMMON  pred:   Zoë Wanamaker
Question: "In the TV version of ""The
What is a commmon name for the United Nations peacekeeping forces?  True:  Blue Berets  pred:  19.
A. UNDOF
B. UNIFIL
C.
Hircine refers to being like or related to what creature?  True:  Goat  pred:  1.
A. frog
B. frog
C. cow
D.
In which sport in Britain is the 'Elite League' the top division, with teams such as 'Coventry Bees' and 'Poole Pirates'?  True:  SPEEDWAY  pred:   The Elite League
The Elite League is the top league in boxing in Britain.
What name is given to belief in more than one god?  True:  POLYTHEISM  pred:   monotheism
A. polytheism
B. atheism
C
Where sitting on his suitcase was Paddington bear found ?  True:  Paddington Station  pred:  148 Hills Road, Cambridge
A. Cambridge
B. London
C.
Which literary location did John Jarndyce own?  True:  Bleak House  pred:  148
A. Country house
B. larger house
C. larger house
Of which US state is Springfield the capital?  True:  Illinois  pred:  1.
A. Indiana
B. Indiana
C. Indiana
D.
RAF Lakenheath is situated in which English county?  True:  SUFFOLK  pred:  017
A. Somerset
B. Dorset
C. Dorset

Which former British PM was christened “Grocer” by Private Eye?  True:  Edward Heath  pred:   Winston Churchill
 
Sir Winston Leonard Spencer-Churchill, KG,
What French region's capital city is Ajaccio?  True:  Corsica  pred:   Ajaccio<|begin_of_text|>Question: What French region's capital city is Ajacc
Which Spanish soup containing onions, tomatoes, peppers and cucumbers and traditionally thickened with stale breadcrumbs is always served cold ?  True:  GAZPACHO  pred:  1
A. Gazpacho
B. gazpacho
C.
Blue Gum and Ironbark are species of which genus of Australian tree?  True:  Eucalyptus  pred:  1.
A. eucalyptus
B. eucalypt
What island country lies off the southeast tip of India?  True:  Sri Lanka  pred:   The Solomon Islands
A. Zealandia
B. Australasia
C.
The Hotel Matignon is the official residence of the Prime Minister of which European country?  True:  France  pred:   France
The Hotel Matignon is the official residence of the Prime Minister of
in which US State is the Chambers Bay Course, the venue for the 2015 US Open Golf Championship?  True:  Washington  pred:   Washington
The 2015 U.S. Open will be held at the
Who was the last woman hanged in Britain  True:  Ruth Ellis  pred:  1480
Who was the last woman to be hanged in Britain?
The
Who wrote the Thursday Next books?  True:  Jasper Fforde  pred:   Elfriede Jelinek
Elfriede Jelinek is a
"To what was Wordsworth referring when he wrote, ""Shall I call thee bird, or but a wandering voice?"  True:  THE CUCKOO  pred:  1.
A. speaker
B. wind
C. speaker
D.
In Roman mythology, on which part of the body were talaria worn?  True:  Feet  pred:  1.
A. Ear
B. Ear
C. Ear
D.
Who wrote the songs for the musical Top Hat?  True:  Irving Berlin  pred:  1. Cole Porter
2. Irving Berlin
3. Cole Porter
4
Oil seed rape belongs to which plant family?  True:  Mustard  pred:  1.
A. Brassicaceae
B. Brassicaceae
C.
What is the plural of Winklevoss?  True:  Winklevii  pred:   Winklevosses
A. Winklevosses
B
What is the common name for the perennial-flowering houseplant, 'Saintpaulia'?  True:  AFRICAN VIOLET  pred:   busy lizzie
Which of the following parts of a plant is anatomically referred
On which island in the North Sea did both St Aidan and St Cuthbert live?  True:  LINDISFARNE  pred:   Great Britain
A. North Uist
B. Orkney
C
A kittel, or kitl, is what, traditionally worn by male Jews?  True:  Burial shroud  pred:  1.
A.an amulet
B. a wedding ring
C.
By what name did Samuel Langhorne Clemens publish his novels under?  True:  Mark Twain  pred:  19
A. Mark Twain
B. Mark Twain
C.
Which London river, now flowing underground, rises in Hampstead, flows through St. Pancras, down Farringdon Street and enters the Thames by Blackfriars Bridge?  True:  River Fleet  pred:  1480
A. Thames
B. Thames
C. Thames
D
What country has the largest Muslim population?  True:  Indonesia  pred:  1.
A. Indonesia
B. Pakistan
C. Pakistan
D.
The Western Roll is a technique used in which track and field athletics event?  True:  High Jump  pred:  100 m dash
A. long jump
B. high jump
C.
Which US TV series of the 1960's starring Ray Walston as 'Uncle Martin' and Bill Bixby, was remade in 1999 as a film starring Christopher Lloyd and Jeff Daniels?  True:  'MY FAVORITE MARTIAN'  pred:  24
A. The Mary Tyler Moore Show
B. The Mary Tyler Moore
What is the most popular natural attraction in Alaska?  True:  Mount McKinley  pred:  1. Northern Lights 2. Northern Lights 3. Northern Lights 4
"Which 1968 book by Richard Hooker begins ""When Radar O'Reilly, just out of high school left Ottumwa, Iowa and enlisted in the United States Army...""?"  True:  'M.A.S.H.'  pred:  1968 book by Richard Hooker begins "When Radar O'Reilly, just
Madeleine Allbright was appointed by Bill Clinton as the USA's first woman to hold what position?  True:  Secretary of State  pred:   –United States National Security Advisor
Madeleine Albright was the first woman to
Who bought Donington Park’s Dunlop Bridge at a memorabilia auction?  True:  Chris Evans  pred:  2003, Scuderia Toro Rosso driver Sébastien Bourdais
Who invented the mercury thermometer in 1714?  True:  Gabriel Farenheit  pred:   Zoological Society of London
A. Edward Jenner
B. Edward Jenner

Which edifice in London was immortalised in poetry by Wordsworth in 1802 and in a painting by Canaletto in 1746?  True:  Westminster Bridge  pred:  1.
A. National Gallery
B. British Museum
C. Natural History
In ‘Dad’s Army’, what was the surname of the air-raid warden?  True:  HODGES  pred:  2.
This is a play on the name of an air-raid warden
"What is another word for a ""post mortem""?"  True:  Autopsy  pred:  17
A. anachronism
B. parachronism
C
Chi is the Chinese year of what?  True:  Cock  pred:  24
A. Year
B. Month
C. Day
D.
Who played Margo Channing in the 1950 film ‘All About Eve’?  True:  Bette Davis  pred:  1
A. Anne Bancroft
B. Bette Davis
C
Which was the last non-capital city to host the Summer Olympic Games?  True:  SYDNEY  pred:  1936
A. Berlin
B. Berlin
C. Berlin
D
O UGLY NINE is an anagram of which singer songwriter?  True:  Neil Young  pred:  02. 03. 04. 05. 06. 07
Which guitar innovator and player has a range of Gibson Guitars named after him?  True:  Les Paul  pred:   several classical guitarists have been credited with the origination of the name "G
What is the name of the structure designed by Anish Kapoor and Cecil Balmond for the 2012 London Olympics?  True:  (Arcelormittal) Orbit  pred:  2012 Olympic Stadium
A. Water Polo Stadium
B. shooting range

What is Mexico's most commonly used language?  True:  Spanish  pred:  73% of the population speaks Spanish, the second most widely spoken language in the
Tu is the clothing brand of supermarket chain?  True:  Sainsbury's  pred:  1
A. Tommy Hilfiger
B. Sunglass Hut
C
Which late singer’s autobiography was entitled “Take me Home”?  True:  John Denver  pred:  2
A. Cilla Black
B. Elaine Paige
C. Elaine
In which 1993 film does a boy called Jonah write to a woman called Annie, asking her to meet his father at the Empire State building on St. Valentine's Day?  True:  Sleepless In Seattle  pred:  1993
A. Cool Runnings
B. Grease
C.
The administration of which American President was rocked by the 'Teapot Dome Scandal' of the 1920's?  True:  WARREN HARDING  pred:  1.
A. Herbert Hoover
B. Warren G. Harding
C.
Who directed the film Life of Pi?  True:  ANG LEE  pred:  1.
A. Aamir Khan
B. Priyadarshan

Which island has belonged to Carthage, Rome, the Saracens, the King of Aragon, the Dukes of Savoy, United Italy under Victor Emmanuel and was granted autonomous government in 1947?  True:  Sardinia  pred:  2008
A. Sicily
B. Sardinia
C.
What Swedish city is connected to Copenhagen via a bridge?  True:  Malmö  pred:   COPENHAGEN
A. Malmö
B. Malmö
In which North Yorkshire town is the Green Howards Museum?  True:  RICHMOND  pred:  16
A. Market Weighton
B. Market Weighton
C.
Pearmain is a variety of what?  True:  Apple  pred:   strawberries
A. fruit
B. vegetable
C. grains
D.
In the 80s who wrote the novel Empire of The Sun?  True:  J. G. Ballard  pred:  1) Choderlos de Laclos 2) Choderlos de Lac
"Who created the fictional character ""Tilly Trotter'?"  True:  Catherine Cookson  pred:  1. Yukio Mishima 2. Jerzy Kosinski 3.
Born Jose Zapata, but known by his middle names, which Colombian goalkeeper who scored three goals for his country is best remembered for his 'scorpion kick' performed at Wembley in 1995?  True:  Rene Higuita  pred:   Petkovic
Born Jose Zapata, but known by his middle names,
Which English cathedral was damaged by an earthquake in the middle Ages  True:  Canterbury Cathedral  pred:  1485
A. York Minster
B. Canterbury Cathedral
C.
What colour is the flower of the Celandine?  True:  YELLOW  pred:   (a) purple; (b) yellow; (c) white; (
The 1987 film ‘Cry Freedom’ is a biographical drama about which South African civil rights leader?  True:  Steve Biko  pred:  1.
A. Nelson Mandela
B. Steve Biko
C. a
"Meaning ""double step” in Spanish, which dance actually originated in southern France but is modelled after the sound, drama, and movement of the Spanish bullfight?"  True:  Paso Doble  pred:  1. Flamenco 2. Tango 3. Salsa 4.
What did Antonio Stradivari make?  True:  Violins  pred:  17th century violin
A. Guitars
B. cellos

Who had an August 1969 No.1 with 'In The Year 2525 (Exordium And Terminus)'?  True:  Zager & Evans  pred:  1.
A. Elvis Presley
B. Frank Zappa
C.
In the Anna Sewell novel, what is Black Beauty?  True:  A horse  pred:  1. Black Beauty is a novel written by Anna Sewell in 1877
In which Ayrshire village will you find the cottage birthplace of poet Robert Bums which is now a museum?  True:  Alloway  pred:  15
A. Glencoe
B. Inverness
C.
Edith Cresson became the first female Prime Minister of which European country?  True:  France  pred:   France
Explanation: Edith Cresson became the first female Prime Minister
What was the first Beatles film?  True:  A Hard Day's Night  pred:   A Hard Day's Night
B: A Hard Day's Night
C:
"Which Tom's first leading role was in the 1983 film ""Risky Business""?"  True:  Cruise  pred:  1
A. Kirk Douglas
B. 20th Century Fox
C
Yellow-pine, Uinta and Lodgepole are all types of which animal?  True:  Chipmunk  pred:  1.
A. diverse mammal
B. diverse reptile
C.
Since the foundation of the Football League which is the only team from outside the League (or Premier League) to win the FA Cup, doing so in 1901?  True:  Tottenham Hotspur  pred:  1901
A. Crewe Alexandra
B. Bury
C.
Who directed the first two Beatles' films 'A Hard Day's Night' and 'Help! '?  True:  RICHARD LESTER  pred:  1. Lester. 2. Lester. 3. Lester. 4
What is the name for attacks on Jewish communities, especially those instigated by the authorities?  True:  Pogrom  pred:   was the name for attacks on Jewish communities, especially those instigated by the authorities
Gabriel Loire, Mordecai Ardon and Marcelle Ferron are known for their art work in what medium?  True:  Stained glass  pred:  3) Drawings
Gabriel Loire, Mordecai Ardon and
Athos and Porthos are two of the 3 musketeers, name the other one.  True:  Aramis  pred:  2
A. Aramis
B. D'Artagnan

Who replaced Iraqi President Ahmed Hassan al-Bakr in July 1979?  True:  Saddam Hussein  pred:  1.
A. Ferdinand Marcos
B. Ferdinand and Imelda Marcos
C
Who memorably failed to win the Marathon in the 1954 Commonwealth Games?  True:  JIM PETERS  pred:   Petros Velissariou
Answer:  Petros Velissariou
Which British TV series starring John Simm as DCI Sam Tyler and Philip Glenister as DCI Gene Hunt was remade in the USA starring Jason O'Mara and Harvey Keitel?  True:  Life On Mars  pred:  24
Question: Which British TV series starring John Simm as DCI Sam
Which of the United States of America is known as the Old Colony State?  True:  MASSACHUSETTS  pred:   Massachusetts
Which of the United States of America is known as the Old
Which wonder of the ancient world was at Ephesus?  True:  Temple of Artemis  pred:   The Library of Celsus
The Library of Celsus is located in
Who was the winning owner of the Ascot Gold Cup in 2013?  True:  THE QUEEN  pred:  2013 running of the Ascot Gold Cup was won by 66-1
"Which 19th century English writer wrote ""Swallows and Amazons"", ""Peter Duck"" and ""Secret Water""?"  True:  Arthur Ransome  pred:  1
A. Charles Dickens
B. Beatrix Potter
C. Bram
"Who was ""Sports Illustrated"" magazine's first ""Sportsman of the Year""?"  True:  Roger Bannister  pred:  1. Babe Ruth 2. Babe Ruth 3. Babe Ruth 4
Sea World is in Mission Bay Park in which US city?  True:  SAN DIEGO  pred:  2
A. IL
B. NY
C. CA
D.
What was Stephane Grappelli's instrument?  True:  Violin  pred:   Appalachian dulcimer
Stephane Grappelli was a French violinist
What colour is Lady Penelope’s car in the television puppet series ‘Thunderbirds’?  True:  Pink  pred:  18
A. Blue
B. Black
C. Red
D.
Acccording to the English nursey rhyme, what did little Jack Horner pull out of a pie?  True:  Plum  pred:  1. La Niña2. Scarlett O’Hara3. Pebbles
"Which English comedian had a minor hit in 1958 with his cover version of the Bobby Darin song, ""Splish Splash""?"  True:  CHARLIE DRAKE  pred:  1. Richard Pryor
2. Richard Pryor
3. Richard Pry
Which European city has the world’s oldest stock exchange formed in 1602?  True:  Amsterdam  pred:   Constantinople
Which European city has the world’s oldest stock exchange formed
What was the surname of the woman who was the inspiration behind the Rolling Stones song Angie?  True:  Bowie  pred:  1. What was the surname of the woman who was the inspiration behind the Rolling
What raw material is used for making glass?  True:  Sand  pred:  1. quartz 2. sand 3. quartz sand 4. quartz
Peter Parker alias Spiderman worked for which newspaper?  True:  Daily Bugle  pred:  1.
A. Deccan Herald
B. Deccan Chronicle

In the game of golf, an Albatross is how many strokes under par for a given hole?  True:  Three  pred:  3
A. 4
B. 5
C. 6
A rabbit punch is a blow to what part of the body?  True:  Neck  pred:  17.
A. bones
B. cartilage
C. ligaments

In medicine the MMR vaccination gives protection against which diseases?  True:  Measles, Mumps and Rubella  pred:  1. Measles, 2. Mumps, 3. Rub
In which novel does Flora Poste move to live with her relatives, the Starkadders, in Sussex?  True:  Cold Comfort Farm  pred:  1480
A. The House of the Seven Gables
B. The
What is the name of the official publication of the Jehova’s Witnesses  True:  The Watchtower  pred:  3.
What is the name of the official publication of the Jehova’s Witnesses
The peacock belongs to which family of birds?  True:  Pheasant  pred:  1.
A. tailless waterfowl
B. tailless bird

Who is the United Nations and Arab League envoy to Syria?  True:  KOFI ANNAN  pred:   The United Nations and Arab League envoy to Syria is António Guterres
‘Troilus and ‘who’ is the title of a play by William Shakespeare?  True:  Cressida  pred:  1) Troilus and Cressida 2) Troilus and
Of what does the usual base of a Florentine biscuit consist?  True:  CHOCOLATE  pred:   sangrita
A. Margarine
B. Bread
C. Onion

Who is the narrator on the UK television show The Only Way Is Essex?  True:  Denise van Outen  pred:  1
Who is the narrator on the UK television show The Only Way Is Essex
Which English chemist discovered the most elements?  True:  DAVY  pred:  1) Berzelius
2) Humphry Davy
3) Humph
"In New Zealand, the word ""moko"" refers to a type of what?"  True:  Tattoo  pred:  1.
A. painting
B. painting
C. painting
D.
What song was a hit for Tom Jones and Cerys Matthews in 1999?  True:  Baby it's cold outside  pred:  Sex Bomb
A. Cool for Cats
B.Sex Bomb
C.
The pasta, farfalle, is named after which creature?  True:  THE BUTTERFLY  pred:   beetle
The pasta, farfalle, is named after the
Which ‘P’ shot the arrow that killed Achilles by striking him on his heel?  True:  PARIS  pred:  1.
A. Surrey
B. Surrey
C. Surrey
D.
Which was the final battle of King Arthur, at which he was mortally wounded?  True:  BATTLE OF CAMLANN  pred:  1.
A. Camlann
B. Camlann
C.
What animal is the Scandinavian Christmas Julbock symbol?  True:  Goat  pred:   The Julbock is a subspecies of brown bear, Ursus arct
Which, then fictional, award is mentioned in the opening scene of the 1950 film ‘All About Eve’, starring Bette Davis?  True:  The Sarah Siddons Award  pred:  1950 Academy Award for Best Actress
Question: Which, then fictional, award
Who did Friedrich Engels famously work with?  True:  Karl Marx  pred:  1. Karl Marx
2. Friedrich Engels
3. William Morris

How many Rings of Power were there, in total?  True:  20  pred:  17
How many Rings of Power were there, in total?
How many Rings
Shashlik is what type of food dish?  True:  Kebab  pred:  1.
A. pizza
B. sushi
C. sushi
D.
Which television detective was created by Glenn Chandler?  True:  TAGGART  pred:  24
A. Monk
B. Columbo
C. Monk
D
Who co-wrote 'Some Other Rainbow' with Jill Morrell?  True:  JOHN McCARTHY  pred:  1.
A. Nik Kershaw
B. Jools Holland
C
In World War 2 what was the American equivalent of the Chindits?  True:  MERRILL' S MARAUDERS  pred:  26th Infantry Division

The 26th Infantry Division was an infantry division of
The Formula One Sepang International Circuit is in which country?  True:  Malaysia  pred:  11
A. Australia
B. Australia
C. Australia
D.
Who is the engineer with the big triangular hair-style in the Dilbert cartoons?  True:  Alice  pred:   Cartoonist Scott Adams, in his preface to Dilbert by Scott Adams,
What Canadian province lies between British Columbia and Saskatchewan?  True:  Alberta  pred:   The World Snooker Championship is held in Middlesbrough, England.
Caroline of Brunswick was the queen consort of which British King?  True:  GEORGE IV  pred:  1
A. George VI
B. Edward VIII
C. Edward VII
Which city is known as the 'Pearl of the Danube'?  True:  Budapest  pred:  82
A. Budapest
B. Belgrade
C. Belgrade

For which film did Tatum O'Neal receive the Best Supporting Actress 'Oscar'?  True:  'PAPER MOON'  pred:  7 to 0
A. Ordinary People
B. Paper Moon
C
In which country are the wine areas of Suhindol and Thrace?  True:  Bulgaria  pred:  1. Portugal 2. Portugal 3. Portugal 4. Portugal
Which book of the Old Testament is a collection of moral and ethical maxims?  True:  Proverbs  pred:  1 Timothy
A. Psalms
B. Proverbs
C.
"From which language do we get the word ""dungarees""?"  True:  Hindi  pred:  1.
A. French
B. English
C. Hindi
D.
A throw of which number on each of a pair of dice is known as Snake Eyes?  True:  One  pred:  2
Explanation: A throw of which number on each of a pair of dice
What country in May 2015 became the first to legalize gay marriage by national referendum?  True:  Ireland  pred:   Ireland
A.  Ireland
B.  I
Hanna Glawari is the title character in which operetta by Franz Lehár?  True:  THE MERRY WIDOW  pred:  19th Century
A. The Merry Widow
B. The Merry Widow

Fleurie, Morgon and Brouilly are wines from which French wine region?  True:  BEAUJOLAIS  pred:  1. Burgundy 2. Bordeaux 3. Beaujolais
Who created Rumpole of the Bailey?  True:  John Mortimer  pred:  1.
A. David Nobbs
B. John Finnemore
C
After what is Fleet Street in London named?  True:  The river Fleet  pred:  1486
A. Thames
B. Port of London Authority
C.
In 2006, who was the first football player in World Cup history to win the ‘Best Young Player Award’?  True:  Lukas Podolski  pred:   Petar Stoychev
17
If you are sure with the answer
Who became the host of the BBC Radio 1 weekday breakfast show in September 2012?  True:  Nick Grimshaw  pred:  1) Tony Blackburn 2) Tony Blackburn 3) Tony Blackburn 4
Supposedly a hangover cure, which drink consists of a raw egg, Worcestershire sauce and typically a hot sauce with condiments?  True:  PRAIRIE OYSTER  pred:  1. Bloody Mary
2. Bloody Mary
3. Bloody Mary
4
Which island produces Marsala wines?  True:  Sicily  pred:  1. Sardinia 2. Sicily 3. mainland Italy
Matthew Webb swam the English Channel and then drowned swimming where?  True:  NIAGARA FALLS  pred:   Great Orme Head
A. North Wales
B. England
C.
'Signal Failures' written by Dr. B. Ching is the title of a column that has appeared in which magazine?  True:  PRIVATE EYE  pred:  11
A. The New Indian Express
B. The Hindu
C.
What year was the final Harry Potter book, Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows, released?  True:  2007  pred:  2007
A. 2008
B. 2006
C
Who was the Republican Presidential Nominee in the 2008 American Election?  True:  John McCain  pred:  1, Sarah Palin 2, Hillary Clinton 3, John McCain 4
"Which Scottish singer had hits with ""Maggie Mae"", ""Tonight's The Night"" and ""Do You Think I'm Sexy"", and has then turned to singing older standards?"  True:  Rod Stewart  pred:   (a) Rod Stewart (b) Rod Stewart (c) Rod Stewart (
What is zoophobia a fear of?  True:  Animals  pred:  1. doctors 2. doctors 3. doctors 4. doctors

In 2009, a special design was used on the reverse of the 50p coin to commemorate the 250th anniversary of which establishment?  True:  Royal Botanical Gardens at Kew  pred:  1485
A. East India Company
B. East India Company
C
Which insects live in a vespiary?  True:  Wasps  pred:  1.
A. cockroaches
B. house fly
C. bed
What alphabet is used in Russia?  True:  Cyrillic  pred:   for other alphabets, see List of Cyrillic script alphabets.


Which American science fiction television series, first aired from 1993 to 2002, tapped into public mistrust of governments and large institutions and interest in conspiracy theories and spirituality, centring on efforts to uncover the existence of extraterrestrial life?  True:  The X-Files  pred:  24
A. The X-Files
B. The Jetsons
C
Which Oscar winning song came from the film Pocahontas  True:  Colours of the Wind  pred:  1. "Colors of the Wind" 2. "Chim Chim Cher
Ari Folman's acclaimed 2008 film was 'Waltz with...' whom?  True:  Bashir  pred:  1.
Ari Folman's acclaimed 2008 film was 'Walt
By what name are the Essex one-day cricket team known?  True:  'EAGLES'  pred:  2007 ICC World Twenty20 tournament

The 2007 ICC World Twenty20
For which trade is Saville Row best known?  True:  Tailoring  pred:   The Savile Row is a street in the West End of London, England,
Who wrote the words to 'Land of Hope and Glory'?  True:  AC Benson  pred:  1.
A. Lord Byron
B. Alfred Lord Tennyson
C
Who did John McEnroe beat to win his first Wimbledon singles final?  True:  Bjorn Borg  pred:   Don Budge
A. Ken Rosewall
B. Rod Laver

"What was the code-name for the reporters Bernstein and Woodward's contact during their investigation of the ""Watergate"" scandal?"  True:  Deep Throat  pred:  1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6
What famous ancient city is on the river Tiber?  True:  Rome  pred:  rome
A. Rome
B. Athens
C. Babylon
D.
"Which king of the UK had the nickname The Uncle of Europe""?"  True:  Edward VII  pred:  1485
A. Richard III
B. Edward IV
C. Edward
What country has the largest amount of rainforest?  True:  Brazil  pred:  1. Colombia 2. Brazil 3. Sao Tome and Principe
Which TV network is based in Doha, Qatar?  True:  Al Jazeera  pred:  7
A. CNN
B. BBC
C. Sky News
D
With what area of expertise do you associate the name of Annie Leibovitz?  True:  PHOTOGRAPHY  pred:  1.
A. History
B. Biography
C. Biography
D.
Which private railway line runs between Kidderminster and Bridgnorth?  True:  Severn Valley  pred:  16<|begin_of_text|>Question: Which private railway line runs between Kidderminster and Bridgn
What was the Paramount Film Company originally called?  True:  Famous Players Film Company  pred:   Paramount Pictures
Paramount Pictures was founded in 1912 by Ad
Which car manufacturer produces a model called the RAV4?  True:  Toyota  pred:  2009
A.Volkswagen
B.Hyundai
C.
Which is the only internal organ that can regenerate itself?  True:  Liver  pred:  1.
A. myocardium
B. the myocardium
C. the
In which building is Napoleon Bonaparte buried?  True:  Les Invalides  pred:  1.
A. Sorbonne
B. Sorbonne
C.
Which band released a 2001 album entitled ‘Amnesiac’?  True:  Radiohead  pred:  02
A. [email protected]
B. [email protected]

Which is the highest mountain in North America?  True:  MT MCKINLEY  pred:  14,495 feet.
A. Denali (Mount McKinley)
B.
Who was the original bass guitarist with The Who  True:  John Entwhistle  pred:  1. Pete Townshend 2. John Entwistle 3.
In measurement, a hand is equal to how many inches?  True:  Four  pred:  25 centimeters
A. 5
B. 50
C.
Whose portrait (other than the Queen) is depicted on the current £20 note?  True:  Adam Smith  pred:  1) Queen Elizabeth II, 2) Queen Elizabeth II, 3)
"Which work of literature starts with the lines: ""The past is a foreign country: they do things differently there""?"  True:  'THE GO-BETWEEN'  pred:  1
A. Quo Vadis
B. Anna Karenina
C
Where sitting on his suitcase was Paddington bear found ?  True:  Paddington Station  pred:  148 Hills Road, Cambridge
A. Cambridge
B. London
C.
Which religion's holy book is the Adi Granth?  True:  Sikh(ism)  pred:  3
A. Sikhism
B. Jainism
C. Islam

Which of the 'Spice Girls' advertised 'Milky Way' ob t.v.?  True:  EMMA BUNTON (Baby Spice)  pred:  1
A. Melanie Brown
B. Geri Halliwell
C
What was painter Rubens first name?  True:  Peter  pred:   Zoilo
A. Zoilo
B. Spallanzani
C
Which part of the body can suffer from cirrhosis?  True:  Liver  pred:  1. Liver 2. Spleen 3. lungs 4.
Complete the proverb: All work and no play...?  True:  Makes Jack a dull boy  pred:  1. Makes Jack a dull boy 2. Elvis has left the building
What type of hat does Indiana Jones wear?  True:  Fedora  pred:  1.
A. beret
B. beret
C. beret
"Which of the United States is known as the ""Sunflower"" state?"  True:  KANSAS  pred:   California
A. Lancaster Pennsylvania
B. Reynoldsburg Ohio
C.
The official beverage of Puerto Rico since 1978, what drink consists of rum, coconut cream, and pineapple juice?  True:  Pina Colada  pred:   brandy
A. Tequila
B. carbonated water
C.
The 1950’s Mau Mau uprising was against the British occupation of which country?  True:  Kenya  pred:   Kenya
A. Zimbabwe
B. Zimbabwe
C. Kenya
D.
Who was the husband of Lady Jane Grey?  True:  Lord Guildford Dudley  pred:  1.
A. Queen Elizabeth I
B. King Edward VI
C.
Which 2001 film starring Joseph Fiennes and Ed Harris is about two opposing snipers facing each other during the Battle of Stalingrad?  True:  'ENEMY AT THE GATES'  pred:  2001: A Space Odyssey
2001: A Space Odyssey is a
Omar Sharif played the title character in the 1965 film of what 1957 novel by the Russian writer Boris Pasternak?  True:  Dr Zhivago  pred:  1965
A. Doctor Zhivago
B. Doctor Zhivago
In which sport did Olympic gold medallists Roger Ducret, Lucien Gaudin, Laura Flessel-Colovic, Gaston Alibert, Pascale Trinquet, Christian d'Oriola, Jehan Buhan and Albert Robert Ayat represent France?  True:  Fencing  pred:  1896 Summer Olympics
Question: In which sport did Olympic gold medallists
"In which movie did Garbo say, ""I want to be alone""."  True:  Grand Hotel  pred:  2001: A Space Odyssey
Answer: 2001: A Space Odyssey
Known as The Mother of Presidents or The Heart of It All, what state was the 17th state to join the union on March 1, 1803?  True:  Ohio  pred:  North Carolina
A. Lancaster
B. Tennessee
C. Tennessee
D
Who coined the phrase 'Somebody up there likes me'?  True:  ROCKY GRAZIANO  pred:   Hillary Clinton
Hillary Clinton (born October 26, 1947) is
Which organisation was founded by the lawyer Peter Benenson in London in 1961?  True:  Amnesty International  pred:  1. International Committee of the Red Cross (ICRC) 2. International
Lasting from 1299 to 1922, the Ottoman empire roughly corresponds to what modern day country?  True:  Turkey  pred:   Turkey
A.
B.
C.
D.
Answer:
"Who duetted with Bryan Adams on the 1985 hit ""It's Only Love""?"  True:  Tina Turner  pred:  1) Albert Hammond
2) Bonnie Tyler
3) Bryan Adams
4
What was Kerry Packer's media company called?  True:  CONSOLIDATED PRESS  pred:  7 Network
Kerry Packer was an Australian media tycoon who presided
Who in verse sailed to the land where the bong tree grows  True:  The owl and the pussycat  pred:  1680 BC
A. Marco Polo
B. Marco Polo
C.
The Caloris Basin is the largest crater on which planet?  True:  MERCURY  pred:   Mercury
A. Venus
B. Earth
C. Mars
D.
Dow Constantine and Susan Hutchinson are currently running for was position?  True:  King County Executive  pred:  2
A. Democratic
B. Republican
C. Libertarian
D.
What Greek mythological figure, who apparently cut quite the figure, was doomed to waste away staring at his own reflection?  True:  Narcissus  pred:   Zeus
Zeus was the king of the gods, the ruler of
Basutoland is now known as what?  True:  Lesotho  pred:   Seychelles
A. the Malagasy Republic
B. the
In the Tour de France who wears the polka dot jersey?  True:  The king of the mountain  pred:  35 February 2003
In the Tour de France who wears the polka
The majority of the land area of Africa lies in which hemisphere?  True:  Northern  pred:  2
A. Southern Hemisphere
B. Northern Hemisphere
C. Equatorial
Which group did Steve Marriot go on to form when he left the 'Small Faces'?  True:  'HUMBLE PIE'  pred:   Simon & Garfunkel
A Tom Jones
B The Rolling Stones

The song ‘White Dress’ by Kanye West is from which 2012 martial arts film?  True:  The Man With the Iron Fists  pred:  2012
A. Deathly Hallows – Part 2
B.
Who was the author of 'The Old Curiosity Shop'?  True:  Charles Dickens  pred:  1. Charles Dickens 2. Charles Dickens 3. Charles Dickens 4
"Who won ""Hell's Kitchen 2009"" on Television?"  True:  LINDA EVANS  pred:  2.
A. Jean-Marie Le Pen
B. Muammar G
What scientist sailed on the HMS Beagle?  True:  Charles Darwin  pred:   Charles Darwin
Charles Robert Darwin was an English naturalist, geologist and
'An Island Parish' is a documentary series on BBC2, in which islands were the first four series set?  True:  Scilly Isles  pred:  1) Guernsey 2) Jersey 3) Jersey 4)
On which island is the city of Knossos, once the capital of the ancient Minoan civilisation?  True:  CRETE  pred:  1.
A. Crete
B. Mainland Greece
C. Cyprus
Which is the smallest marine mammal?  True:  SEA OTTER  pred:  3.
A. North Atlantic right whale
B. North Pacific right whale

The name of which month is used for a letter in the phonetic alphabet?  True:  NOVEMBER  pred:  1
A. beta
B. gamma
C. delta
D.
Which film features the Dawes Tomes Mousley Grubbs Fidelity Fiduciary Bank?  True:  Mary Poppins  pred:  2
A. Hawker Siddeley Victor
B. BAe
What compete at the Burghley Trials, Badminton, the Rolex Kentucky Three Day, the Adelaide Trials, the Luhmhlen Trials and the toiles de Pau?  True:  Horse riders  pred:  1) horses, 2) horses, 3) horses, 4
Had war not intervened, which city would have hosted the 1916 Olympics?  True:  Berlin  pred:  1.
A. Athens
B. Athens
C. Athens
D.
What de-facto independent country does China claim ownership of?  True:  Taiwan  pred:   Tajikistan
A. James Cook
B. Marco Polo
C.
What was the name of Michael Jackson's second wife?  True:  Debbie Rowe  pred:   Debbie Rowe
Michael Jackson   (August 29, 1958 – June
Which country’s President resides in a mansion called the Casa Rosada (Pink House)?  True:  Argentina  pred:   Argentina
A. United States
B. Brazil
C. Costa Rica
Which French artist joined a Post-Impressionist group, started the Synthetist movement and worked in Tahiti from 1891 to 1893, and 1895 to 1901?  True:  Paul Gauguin  pred:   Montmartre school
A. Pablo Picasso
B. Henri Matisse
Nicknamed the cannibal, who is the only rider to have won all three jerseys in the same year in the Tour de France?  True:  Eddy Merckx  pred:   Alberto Contador
The Tour de France began in 1903 and
A clapperboard is used in which industry?  True:  Film  pred:  1.
A. carpentry
B. upholstering
C. vegetable
Trumpets and trombones are most commonly pitched at?  True:  Bb  pred:  2th fret
A. 2nd octave
B. 2nd
What is the Great Smoo?  True:  A Cave  pred:   The Great Smokey Mountains National Park is located in eastern Tennessee and western
Which famous scientist lived at Down house in Kent?  True:  CHARLES DARWIN  pred:    Charles Darwin
Charles Robert Darwin was an English naturalist, geologist and
Frank Sinatra would have celebrated which birthday in 2015?  True:  100  pred:  95th
A. Indian                      B. American
C. St. Louis
The trade union Unison was formed by a merger of NALGO, NUPE and which other union?  True:  COHSE  pred:  2
A. UNISON
B. UNISON
C. UNISON
The capital city of Nunavut, Iqaluit lies on which large island?  True:  Baffin Island  pred:   The capital city of Nunavut, Iqaluit lies on Tasmania Island
On average, a Big Mac contains 178 of what ingredient?  True:  SESAME SEEDS  pred:  1) fat 2) fat 3) fat 4) fat
Complete the sequence: Johnson, Nixon, Ford....?  True:  JIMMY CARTER  pred:  103rd United States President Harry S. Truman (1945-1953)
Which US state was known as the 'State of Franklin' from 1784 until 1788?  True:  TENNESSEE  pred:  26
A.Vermont
B.Massachusetts
C. New
Mitt Romney was Governor of which state 2003-7?  True:  Massachusetts  pred:  1
A. Hawaii
B. Hawaii
C. Hawaii
D.
"Who was the subject of the 2007 film ""La Vie En Rose""?"  True:  Edith Piaf  pred:   Cartoonist Toulouse-Lautrec (1864-1901) was the
Who was named the best player at Euro 2012 by UEFA ?  True:  (Andres) INIESTA  pred:  1. 2. 3. 4. 5. 6
Who wrote the Napoleonic war novels featuring Stephen Maturin?  True:  (Patrick) O'Brian  pred:  1. James Fenimore Cooper 2. James Fenimore Cooper 3.
What does someone need to wear if they are myopic?  True:  Glasses  pred:  1. progressive lenses 2. progressive lenses 3. progressive lenses 4
Who was the only British medal winner at the 2010 Winter Olympics?  True:  AMY WILLIAMS  pred:  35 year old snooker player Mark Selby, who won gold in the
Which 5th/6th Century Buddhist monk is described in Chinese texts as ‘The Blue-Eyed Barbarian’?  True:  Bodhidharma  pred:  1. Aśvagho  a 2. Aśv
Which Italian artist painted 'The School of Athens'?  True:  Raphael  pred:   Raphael
A. Michelangelo
B. Leonardo da Vinci
C.
Technically a shoal of fish becomes a school of fish when it is?  True:  Swimming in the same direction  pred:  2
A. 3
B. 4
C. 5
How many symphonies did Jean Sibelius compose?  True:  Seven  pred:  5.
A. 3
B. 4
C. 5
In which film did Johnny Depp play a policeman called Ichabod Crane?  True:  Sleepy Hollow  pred:   The Legend of Sleepy Hollow (1999)
Question: In which film did
Which American singer's music publishing company was called Gladys Music?  True:  Elvis Presley  pred:   (a) Presley (b) Roy Orbison (c) Madonna (
On a standard dartboard, which number lies between 12 and 20?  True:  5  pred:  16
A. 17
B. 18
C. 19
What is the name of the neo-Norman fantasy castle situated close to Bangor, between Snowdonia and the Menai strait ? It was built in the early 19th century by a family who made their money from sugar and Welsh slate, and is now in the care of the National Trust.  True:  PENRHYN  pred:  1) Pontcysyllte Aqueduct 2) Pontcysyll
What is the honour system founded by Napoleon in 1802 that has five classes including Grand Cross and Officer?  True:  Legion of Honour  pred:  1
A. the
B. the
C. the
D.
The Misses World for both 1999 and 2000 represented which country?  True:  India  pred:   Australia
A. Australia
B. Australia
C. Germany
D.
What Detroit-area stadium was sold in 2009 for just $583,000?  True:  The Silverdome  pred:    Pontiac Silverdome
The Pontiac Silverdome was estimated to
The cover of which of Pink Floyd’s LP covers features Battersea Power Station?  True:  ANIMALS  pred:  1973’s The Dark Side of the Moon sold 20 million copies in the
Who, during a radio microphone test in 1984 said, 'I just signed legislation which outlaws Russia forever The bombing begins in five minutes?  True:  Ronald Reagan  pred:  1984
A. Ronald Reagan
B. Mikhail Gorbachev

What is the symbol for the chemical element protactinium, atomic number 91?  True:  Pa  pred:  91U
A. U
B. Pu
C. Es
D
The National Bagpipe Museum is not in Scotland, in which English town or city is it?  True:  MORPETH  pred:  01747
A. Birmingham
B. Birmingham
C. Bradford
D
A chemical reaction accelerated by adding a separate recyclable substance is?  True:  Catalysis  pred:  17
A. a chemical reaction
B. a chemical reaction
C.
Strangles is a bacterial infection of the respiratory tract of which animal?  True:  Horse  pred:  1.
A. Dog
B. Cat
C. camel
D.
In which US state is the Innoko River?  True:  ALASKA  pred:  2.
A. Vermont
B. Vermont
C. Vermont
D.
Who directed the 1941 film ‘The Maltese Falcon’?  True:  John Huston  pred:  1.
A. Wyler
B. Wyler
C. Wyler
During which battle did Davey Crockett lose his life?  True:  The Alamo  pred:  1836
A. the Alamo
B. the Battle of the Al
What is the name of the sport in which your opponent tries to knock you off a floating spinning log  True:  Birling  pred:   The sport in which your opponent tries to knock you off a floating spinning log is
From which country did French horns originate?  True:  Germany  pred:  19th century
A. South America
B. Belarus
C. and
"Where in the human body would you find the ""Island of Reil""?"  True:  The Brain  pred:  1.Diverticulum. 2.Kidney glomerulus.
Angiosperm (from Greek 'angeion', bottle) is a major scientific classification of land plants which have seeds and?  True:  Flowers  pred:  1
A. strobili
B. stamens
C.
What is prussic acid, found in bitter almonds and laurel leaves, also known as?  True:  Hydrocyanic acid  pred:  1. cyanide 2. hydrogen cyanide 3. acetaldehyde
"Which late 19th century English illustrator was ""rediscovered"" due to an exhibition from 19 May to 19 September 1966 at the Victoria and Albert Museum, London, which introduced his work to a new generation and began a craze that lasted into the 1970s?"  True:  Aubrey Beardsley  pred:   Zoological Survey of India
Explanation: The Zoological Survey of India was established
The town of Keswick in Cumbria lies just north of which body of water?  True:  DERWENT WATER  pred:  1) Lake Windermere 2) Lake Windermere 3)
What nationality was the botanist Carolus Linnaeus?  True:  Swedish  pred:   Cartoonist William Hogarth (1697-1764) was known for his
Starting 30 years of conflict, the Eritrean War of Independence broke out on Sept 1, 1961, as Eritrean separatists fought for independence from what country?  True:  Ethiopia  pred:   Ethiopia
Explanation: The Eritrean War of Independence was
General Augusto Pinochet was the former dictator of which South American country?  True:  Chile  pred:   Chile
General Augusto Pinochet was the former dictator of Chile
What was the name of the racehorse owned by the Queen Mother and ridden by Dick Francis that collapsed whilst leading the 1956 Grand National with just 45 metres to the winning post?  True:  DEVON LOCH  pred:  1956 Whitbread Gold Cup, ridden by Lester Piggott
Below is
Who was the first US president Barbara Walters interviewed?  True:  Nixon  pred:   Harry S. Truman
Question: Who was the first US president Barbara Walters interviewed
In which Indian city is Eden Gardens, the second largest test cricket ground in the world?  True:  KOLKATA  pred:  1
A. Mumbai
B. Chennai
C. Kolkata
D.
"In a famous speech by Winston Churchill on 4 June 1940 that began ""We shall fight in France, we shall fight on the seas and oceans"", he went on to say that ""we shall fight"" in the air, on the beaches, on the landing grounds, in the fields, in the streets, and where else?"  True:  In the hills  pred:  1940
A. 1940
B. 1941
C
What is the common name for the species of large cattle, Bos primigenius, once prevalent in Europe, that was hunted to extinction in 1627?  True:  AUROCHS  pred:    mammoth
A. mammoth
B. bison
C.
The painting A Dance to the Music of Time 1634 - 1635 displayed in the Wallace Collection, London is by which artist?  True:  Nicholas Poussin  pred:  1. Edward Burne-Jones 2. Edward Burne-Jones
In the nineteenth century Benjamin West, Thomas Lawrence and John Millais were President of which institution?  True:  ROYAL ACADEMY  pred:  1.
A. American Academy of Arts and Letters
B. American Academy of
Which hit making pop group played the backing for the Everley Brothers 'Til I Kissed You  True:  The Crickets  pred:  1960s
A. The Beatles
B. The Rolling Stones
C
From the Latin meaning of clip/cut, what hairstyle symbolizes religious devotion?  True:  Tonsure  pred:  18th century
A. judgeization
B. judgeization
C.
Traitor's Gate is part of which building?  True:  Tower of London  pred:  11
A. Victoria Memorial
B. Dharmasala
C.
Which city is the home of the Palais du Luxembourg?  True:  Paris  pred:  1
A. Algiers
B. Algiers
C. Algiers
Which European country’s national rail network is known as RENFE?  True:  Spain  pred:   Spain
Which European country’s national rail network is known as RENFE
Which flower has the Latin name Hyacinthoides non scripta?  True:  BLUEBELL  pred:   Hyacinthoides ranunculoides
Hyacinthoid
Abraham Maslow's 'Hierarchy of Needs' theory explains?  True:  Motivation  pred:  1. Introduction 2. Physiological needs 3. Safety needs 4
On what island would you find the city of Palermo?  True:  Sicily  pred:   Sicily
A. Rome
B. Athens
C. Babylon

In which film does Dustin Hoffman play Enrico Salvatore (Ratso) Rizzo?  True:  MIDNIGHT COWBOY  pred:  1948
A. The Lost Weekend
B. The Apartment
C.
A speechwriter for both Ford and Nixon, before becoming actor and comedian, who won a Emmy award as host of a game show in which you could win $5000 of his own money?  True:  Win Ben Steins Money  pred:  1. Richard Pryor
2. Richard Pryor
3. Richard Pry
Prior to 1930, the Eiffel Tower held the record for what?  True:  The worlds tallest building  pred:  324 feet.
A. its height
B. its weight
C. its
Joe Gargery is a character in which Charles Dickens novel?  True:  Great Expectations  pred:  1. The Mystery of Edwin Drood
2. Great Expectations
3
Isoprene, Butyl and Nitrile are all types of which substance?  True:  Rubber  pred:  1, 2, 3
A. thermoplastics
B.
What percentage of Mike Tyson's 1995 earnings came from endorsements?  True:  Zero  pred:  99%
A. figures
B. figures
C. figures
D.
Which musical work of 1898 features a section called 'Nimrod'?  True:  Enigma Variations  pred:   was written in 1898 and performed for the first time in 1901
Who is credited with the discovery of the tomb of King Tutankhamen in 1922?  True:  Howard Carter  pred:  1. Egyptologist Howard Carter 2. Egyptologist Petrie 3.
Who is the patron saint of music? (Feast Day 22nd November)  True:  St. Cecilia  pred:   St. Francis of Assisi
ST. FRANCIS OF ASSIS
I n dressmaking what are featherweight, skirt weight and open ended  True:  Zips  pred:  1. Featherweight, 2. Skirt weight, 3. Open
Which baseball team won the World Series in 2011?  True:  St Louis Cardinals  pred:   St. Louis Cardinals
A. Commissioner's Trophy
B. World Series

Davy Crocket was killed at the Alamo, which other famous American pioneer died in the same action?  True:  Jim Bowie  pred:  1. Davy Crocket 2. Davy Crocket 3.
Who voiced Count Duckula in an animated 1980's and 1990's television series of the same name?  True:  David Jason  pred:  1. Kylie Minogue
2. Paul McCartney
3. Iron Maiden

Cassandra was the pseudonym of which writer in the Daily Mirror?  True:  William Connor  pred:  1.
A. Bram Stoker
B. Mary Shelley
C. Mary
Goosnargh Corn-fed Chicken and Duck is championed by chefs and five of the ten Lancashire cheese dairies listed by the British Cheese Board are located in Goosnargh parish, in which town or city is Goosnargh?  True:  Preston  pred:  01772
A. Clitheroe
B. Manchester
C.
Which opera by Borodin features the Polovtsian Dances?  True:  PRINCE IGOR  pred:   Op. 9, No. 1 (Polovtsian Dances
Who played the part of 'Jack Sugden' in 'Emmerdale' for 28 years? He died in July of this year (2008).  True:  CLIVE HORNBY  pred:   He was Jack Duckworth, the lecherous landlord of the Rovers Return
Which group had a UK No.1 hit in 1983 with a cover version of Yazoo's Only You?  True:  The Flying Pickets  pred:  1
A. The Human League
B. A Flock of Seag
Which arid region of Ethiopia was invaded by Somalia in 1977?  True:  THE OGADEN  pred:  1.
A. the former British Somaliland
B. Djibout
What was first demonstrated by Alexander Graham Bell at the Philadelphia Exhibition in 1876?  True:  Telephone  pred:  35
A. the telephone
B. the telegraph
C. the
What is the currency of Lithuania?  True:  Litas  pred:  1 lipa = 0.24 euro
Lithuania's central bank
In which musical is the main male character called Billy Bigelow?  True:  Carousel  pred:  42nd Street
Question: In which musical is the main male character called Billy
Five ninths of three fifths is a?  True:  Third  pred:  3/2
A. 3/4
B. 3/
Shirley Temple served as US Ambassador to which African country from 1974 – 1976?  True:  GHANA  pred:  1.
A. Uganda
B. Madagascar
C. Mauritius
D
What colour are the flowers of a hawkbit plant?  True:  Yellow  pred:   (a) purple (b) blue (c) orangered (d)
In Greek mythology which king of Corinth was compelled to eternally roll a large boulder up a hill only to watch it roll down again?  True:  Sisyphus  pred:  1.
A. Melanthus
B. Melanthus
C.
Cable News Network (CNN), the first channel to provide 24-hour television news coverage, was founded by Ted Turner in what year?  True:  1980  pred:  1988
A. 1980
B. 1990
C
What was the first name of the jazz trombonist Kid Ory?  True:  Edward  pred:  1. Arthur Godfrey 2. Bix Beiderbecke 3
By what name is James Osterberg popularly known?  True:  Iggy Pop  pred:   Hillary Rodham Clinton
Q: By what name is James Osterberg popular
What author penned a satirical essay in 1729, entitled A Modest Proposal, modestly proposing that the poor should eat their babies?  True:  Jonathan Swift  pred:  1. Jonathan Swift
2. Jonathan Swift
3. Jonathan Swift
4
Rapunzel, Mother Gothel and Paulo are all characters in which 2010 animated film?  True:  Tangled  pred:  2010's Hoodwinked, a American animated musical comedy film directed by
What aspect of the folktale Hansel and Gretel has been adapted in user-interface design to help users navigate among various screens?  True:  Bread crumbs  pred:   Cartoonist Wilhelm Busch, who created the strip Max and Moritz, is
Written by Earl Derr Biggers in 1925, 'The House Without A Key' was the first novel to feature which Chinese- American detective?  True:  CHARLIE CHAN  pred:  1480 AD
This is the first amateur detective novel by Earl Derr Big
Which singer picked up three Ivor Novello awards in May, including songwriter of the year for her hit single, The Fear?  True:  Lily Allen  pred:  1) Kylie Minogue; 2) Kylie Minogue; 3)
What was the name of Catherine Zeta Jones character in The Darling Buds of May  True:  Mariette  pred:   Holly Short

The Darling Buds of May was a long-running British television sitcom
Which company, founded in 2009, provides an app-based taxi service that uses crowd-sourced drivers?  True:  Uber  pred:   Uber
A. Monster.com
B. Monster.com
C. Monster.com
"Mukhtar Al-Bakri, Sahim Alwan, Faysal Galab, Shafal Mosed, Yaseinn Taher and Yahya Goba were collectively known as the ""Lackawanna Six"" and by what other name?"  True:  The Buffalo Six  pred:  11th Century Samaritan
Explanation: EPHESIANS 2:
In 1996, Dolly the Sheep was successfully cloned in which European country?  True:  Scotland  pred:   France
Explanation: Dolly the sheep was the first mammal to be cloned
In the BBC TV series, how are Antonio Carlucci and Genaro Contaldo better known?  True:  Two Greedy Italians  pred:  1. 2. 3. 4. 5. 6
Alex Turner is the lead vocalist of which rock band?  True:  Arctic Monkeys  pred:  1) Coldplay
2) Queens of the Stone Age
3) Queens
In which Irish city is the Abbey Theatre?  True:  Dublin  pred:  148
A. Dublin
B. Cork
C. Cork
D.
In which year were Queen Victoria and Prince Albert married; the uniform penny post introduced in the UK; Tchaikovsky was born?  True:  1840  pred:  1840, 1840, 1840, 1888
This
The magazine Private Eye refers to Her Majesty the Queen by which name?  True:  BRENDA  pred:   The Queen
The magazine Private Eye refers to Her Majesty the Queen by which name
A banderillero is a member of a team called a cuadrilla, in which controversial activity?  True:  Bullfighting  pred:  1. 2. 3. 4. 5. 6
Vestiphobia is the irrational fear of which items?  True:  Clothes  pred:  1. doctors 2. doctors 3. doctors 4. doctors
From the Greek word sphygmós, meaning pulse, what is the inflatable cuff pressure meter called which measures human blood pressure?  True:  Sphygmomanometer  pred:  17
A. medical ventilator
B. medical ventilator
C.
Who was British Prime Minister at the end of the Second World War?  True:  Clement Attlee  pred:  1. Neville Chamberlain 2. Winston Churchill 3. Clement Attlee
'Captain Yossarian' is the central character of which 20th century novel?  True:  'CATCH 22'  pred:  24 Hours a Day
A. Catch-22
B. Catch-22
In US motor racing, what colour flag would the driver see for 'one lap to go'?  True:  White  pred:  2
A. red
B. amber
C. green
D.
In what year did Torville and Dean (Jane and Christopher) win their first Olympic gold, scoring 12 perfect sixes in their free-dance routine?  True:  1984  pred:  2000
A. 2000
B. 2004
C
In which year did John Stonehouse disappear and the Flixborough chemical plant exploded?  True:  1974  pred:  1974
A. 1974
B. 1975
C
Who wrote the novel 'The Beach' on which the film was based?  True:  ALEX GARLAND  pred:  19th century poet Rudyard Kipling
Answer: Rudyard Kipl
On which part of the body would a Japanese person wear a geta?  True:  Foot  pred:  1.
A. Ear
B. Ear
C. Ear
D.
The world was first aware of the Chernobyl disaster after detectors were triggered at a nuclear plant in which country?  True:  Sweden  pred:  1986
A. Russia
B. Russia
C. Russia
D
The 2006 Grammy Award for the Best Musical Theatre recording were John Du Prez & Eric Idle (producers & composers) and Eric Idle (lyricist) for which show?  True:  Monty Python's Spamalot  pred:  2006 Grammy Award for the Best Musical Theatre recording were John Du Prez &
Give the surname of the classical music piano soloist sisters, Katia and Marielle?  True:  LABEQUE  pred:   Artur Rubinstein
This is the name of a style of folk music
In which year did children’s television show ‘Sesame Street’ debut on US television?  True:  1969  pred:  1969
A. 1967
B. 1968
C
Which of the Great Train Robbers became a florist outside Waterloo station until he was found hanged in a lock up  True:  Buster Edwards  pred:  1480 AD
A. Dick Turpin
B. Dick Turpin

What movie had a sexy, supernatural pottery scene?  True:  Ghost  pred:  2001: A Space Odyssey
Answer: 2001: A Space Odyssey
Canaletto is famous for his landscapes of Venice and which other city?  True:  London  pred:  1.
A. Rome
B. Florence
C. Genoa
D
Which well known 1987 film, featured a character named Private Pyle, played by Vincent D'Onofrio?  True:  FULL METAL JACKET  pred:  1987
A. Gone with the Wind
B. Singin' in
What is the origin of the word Punic as in the Punic Wars?  True:  CARTHAGE  pred:  1. "Punic" comes from the Latin word "Punicus"
The island called Martha's Vineyard off the south of Cape Cod in New England is in which state of the USA?  True:  Massachusetts  pred:   The island called Martha's Vineyard off the south of Cape Cod in New England
What is either a popular cocktail, or the nickname of an English queen?  True:  Bloody Mary  pred:  4711
Answer: 4711
Explanation: 4711 is a
Which Muppet from the television series shares a name with a former US President?  True:  Grover  pred:         Ellen
A. Rowlf the Dog
B. Sweetums

Which was the first group to have a number one hit in the USA for Motown Records?  True:  The Marvelettes  pred:   (a) The Spinners
(b) The Temptations
(c)
LNER Flying Scotsman, built in 1923, became in 1934 the first (What?) to attain 100mph?  True:  Steam train  pred:  100 mph (160 km/h)
The LNER Flying Scotsman was the
"Used to describe insects such as the Mayfly that only live for a short time, what word derives from the Greek for ""living a day""?"  True:  EPHEMERAL  pred:  1
A. infancy
B. infancy
C. infancy
D.
The opera Gloriana is by which English composer?  True:  BENJAMIN BRITTEN  pred:  1. Henry Purcell 2. George Frideric Handel 3
A novel by General Lew Wallace published in 1880 was made into which films in 1926 (a silent movie) and 1959 (produced by William Wyler)?  True:  Ben Hur  pred:  1959
A. Ben-Hur
B. El Cid
C
Which London residential suburb is the site of Lord’s Cricket Ground?  True:  St John’s Wood  pred:  2
A. 1
B. 2
C. 3
The Collegiate Church of St Peter in London is more popularly known by what name?  True:  Westminster Abbey  pred:  1485
A. Westminster Abbey
B. Westminster Cathedral
C. Westminster
Which American golfer, winner of three majors, was tragically killed in a plane crash on October 25th 1999, at the time of his death he was the reigning US Open Champion?  True:  PAYNE STEWART  pred:  1976 British Open Champion, Ian Woosnam
Ian Woosnam was
The Battle of Vimy Ridge took place in which country during World War l?  True:  France  pred:  1
A. France
B. Germany
C. Belgium
D.
What is a group of jellyfish called?  True:  Smack  pred:  1.
A. jellyfish
B. siphonophore
C
Fruit, cricket and horseshoe are varieties of what type of animal?  True:  Bat  pred:  1.
A. marine mammals
B. amphibians
C. reptiles
Who was the founder of the 'Mormon Church'?  True:  JOSEPH SMITH  pred:  1. Joseph F. Smith 2. Brigham Young 3. Joseph Smith
On which instrument would a ‘paradiddle’ be played?  True:  Drums  pred:  1. glockenspiel, 2. vibraphone, 3
Admiral Sir John Jellicoe commanded the British fleet at the Battle of Jutland, the largest naval battle of World War I, against a fleet from which country?  True:  Germany  pred:  1939
A. USA
B. Canada
C. Australia
D
In the Bible, how many psalms make up the Book of Psalms?  True:  150  pred:  150.
A. 46
B. 46
C. 46
"What profession requires the artist to know about ""F stops""?"  True:  Photography  pred:  1.
A. comedian
B. comedian
C. comedy
D.
The Kalahari Desert lies chiefly in which country?  True:  Botswana  pred:  1.
A. Sulawesi
B. Sulawesi
C.
Who played Penny in Just Good Friends  True:  Jan Francis  pred:  1.Shelley Long
2.Marcia Strassman
3
Which English football league club is based in Burslem?  True:  Port Vale  pred:   Bolton Wanderers
Bolton Wanderers is an English football club based in
In 1996, Dolly the Sheep was successfully cloned in which European country?  True:  Scotland  pred:   France
Explanation: Dolly the sheep was the first mammal to be cloned
Taking its name from the Portuguese words for wine and garlic, which hot curry originated in Goa?  True:  Vindaloo  pred:  1. dal
2. dal
3. dal
4. dal

Released in 1962, which was the first of the 'Carry On ....' films to be released in colour?  True:  'CARRY ON CRUISING'  pred:  1962
A. Carry On Spying
B. Carry On Dick

How many medals did the United States win at the 2010 Winter Olympics?  True:  37  pred:  9
A. 5
B. 7
C. 8
What is the climate change agreement aimed at stabilizing greenhouse gas levels in the atmosphere, named after the Japanese city in which participating nations agreed its framework in 1997?  True:  Kyoto Protocol  pred:  26th Conference of the Parties to the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change (
Charles Sands (USA), Margaret Abbot (USA) and George Lyon (Canada) were winners in what Olympic sport at the 1900 and 1904 games?  True:  Golf  pred:   The 1900 and 1904 summer Olympic Games were held in Paris,
What is the title of the 18th Century novel by Lawrence Sterne, which was published in nine volumes?  True:  (The Life and Opinions of) Tristram Shandy (Gentleman)  pred:   the Life and Opinions of Tristram Shandy, Gentleman
This
‘Quicksilver’ is another name for which metallic element?  True:  Mercury  pred:   "Quicksilver" is another name for mercury sulphide (HgS
If you were kicked on the tarsus where would it hurt  True:  Ankle  pred:  3rd and 4th metatarsal heads
A. cartilage

Which town on the River Colne holds an annual Oyster Festival?  True:  Colchester  pred:  1) Walthamstow 2) Buckhurst Hill 3)
Which city is the capital of the Spanish region of Aragon?  True:  Zaragoza  pred:  1.
A. Oviedo
B. Zaragoza
C. Alic
In the UK tv series ‘Mr Bean’, what model car does Mr Bean drive?  True:  Mini 1000  pred:  1947 Triumph Roadster
A. Rusty
B. tan
C
American singer Ernest Evans called himself Chubby Checker to emulate the name of which other musician?  True:  Fats Domino  pred:   (a) Elvis Presley (b)  Sammy Davis Jr. (c
Who plays the role of Bubble in Absolutely Fabulous?  True:  Jane Horrocks  pred:  1. Steve Coogan 2. Mel Giedroyc 3.
Which vocal quintet was put together in Manchester in 1990 by Nigel Martin-Smith?  True:  Take That  pred:  1
A. Michael Rayner
B. Nigel Martin-Smith
C.
Before the tradition of hanging stockings up at Christmas what did Dutch children hang by the fireside?  True:  Shoes  pred:  1.
A. milk and cookies
B. milk and cookies
C.
Mel Gibson (1990) and Kenneth Branagh (1996) have both played which character in movies?  True:  Hamlet  pred:  1) Richard Sharpe; 2) Ned Stark; 3) Ned
Who wrote The Ugly Duckling  True:  Hans Christian Anderson  pred:  1. Hans Christian Andersen 2. Hans Christian Andersen 3. Hans Christian
What film production company was named after brothers Harry (born Hirsz), Albert (born Aaron), Sam (born Szmul), and Jack (born Itzhak)?  True:  Warner Brothers  pred:  20th Century Fox
According to Arthur Landau, the producer of Ruthless
What Arizona national park was formed over millions of years by the relentless efforts of the Colorado River?  True:  The Grand Canyon  pred:   Grand Canyon National Park
A. Joshua Tree National Park
B. and
Angelica, Chuckie and Tommy feature in which cartoon tv series?  True:  RUGRATS  pred:  8
A. Thames
B. Thames Television
C. Hat Trick Productions