"Please answer followed by the rationale. <question>"

What musician formed a singing duo with Art Garfunkel in 1963?  True:  Paul Simon  pred:   1. In 1963, Peter, Paul and Mary formed a singing
Who was housekeeper to Sherlock Holmes?  True:  Mrs Hudson  pred:   A. Mrs. Hudson B. Mrs. Hudson C. Mrs. Hudson D
"Who was known as the ""Moses of her people"" for leading escaped slaves to freedom during the US Civil War?"  True:  Harriet Tubman  pred:   A. Frederick Douglass B. Frederick Douglass C. Frederick Douglass D
What is the name of the convenience store operated by Apu on TVs The Simpson?  True:  Kwik-E-Mart  pred:   What is the name of the convenience store operated by Apu on The Simpsons?
What is the traditional beverage hoisted by the winners of the Indianapolis 500, a tradition that dates back to 1936?  True:  Milk  pred:   A. milk. B. beer. C. milk and beer. D.
"Who played the part of the tragic Jennifer Cavalleri in the 1970 film, ""Love Story""?"  True:  ALI McGRAW  pred:   1. Roger Ewing 2. Jennifer Cavalleri 3.
The Japanese condiment wasabi is produced from what part of the the wasabi plant?  True:  Roots  pred:   A. shoots B. roots C. rhizomes D. tubers

The third part of trilogy of Hobbit movies, released at the end of 2014, is called what?  True:  The Hobbit: The Battle of the Five Armies  pred:   1. the Lord of the Rings 2. the Hobbit 3
What is the state capital of the US state of New Jersey?  True:  TRENTON  pred:   1. 2. 3. 4. 5.
"What is the name of the feast day in the Western Christian calendar which occurs on 29 September to honour the defeat of Lucifer in the battle for the heavens, for which the traditional meal includes goose (a ""stubble-goose"", i.e. one prepared around harvest time)?"  True:  Michaelmas  pred:   1. What is the name of the feast day in the Western Christian calendar
Which British submarine sank the General Belgrano in the Falklands War  True:  HMS Conqueror  pred:   of 1982? 1. General Belgrano 2. HMS
Italy is divided into how many regions?  True:  20  pred:   A. 20 B. 21 C. 22 D. 23
Which Italian pasta's name means little spindles in English?  True:  Fusilli  pred:   A. Ragù alla Bolognese B. Pappardelle C
"Sportscaster Jack Brickhouse who once said ""Any team can have a bad century"" provided play-by-play coverage of what American major league team's games from 1948 to 1981?"  True:  Chicago Cubs  pred:   1. Commissioner of Baseball 2. Commissioner of Baseball 3. Commissioner
Amr Shabana from Egypt is famous for playing which sport?  True:  Squash  pred:   1. Tennis 2. Football 3. Handball 4.
James A Michener wrote the stories upon which musical was based?  True:  South Pacific  pred:   1. Which of the following eponymous characters makes a brief appearance in
Ascorbic acid is usually known as what?  True:  Vitamin C  pred:   1. Pyridoxine 2. Pyridoxamine 3
When Alex Ferguson joined Manchester United on November 6th 1986, who was manager of Liverpool?  True:  KENNY DALGLISH  pred:   1. Sir Alex Ferguson 2. Kenny Dalglish 3.
Which country is known as The Hashemite Kingdom?  True:  Jordan  pred:   A. Egypt B. Jordan C. Saudi Arabia D. Israel
Please answer
Which modern day country was known until 1981 as British Honduras?  True:  BELIZE  pred:   1. 2. 3. 4. 5.
"Complete the title of this James Bond film: ""From Russia With ... """  True:  Love  pred:   1. British actor Sean Connery played the role of James Bond in the
A novel by General Lew Wallace published in 1880 was made into which films in 1926 (a silent movie) and 1959 (produced by William Wyler)?  True:  Ben Hur  pred:   A. Ben-Hur: A Tale of the Christ B. Ben-Hur
"What poem contains the words, ""...Water, water, everywhere, Nor any drop to drink..."" ?"  True:  The Rime of the Ancient Mariner  pred:   1. "The quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog." 2
May 4, 1904 saw the US begin construction the Canal, following the creation of the state of Panama from Columbian territory due to the iron backbone and bad-assed support of which US president?  True:  Theodore Roosevelt  pred:    Cartoonists associated with The New Yorker magazine satirized Joseph Pulitzer, and
In 1984, in Bophal, India, there was a leak of 30 tons of methyl isocyanate, which resulted in the deaths of 25,000 people. What American chemical company owned the plant where the leak occurred?  True:  UNION CARBIDE  pred:   1. FMC Corporation 2. Dow Chemical Company 3. F
What mythological beast has the head of a man, the body of a lion, and the tail and feet of a dragon?  True:  A manticore  pred:   1. the Chimera 2. the Chimera 3. the
"Which 19th century Englishman went to New Zealand to be a sheep farmer, visited Canada, and wrote ""Erewhon"", ""A Psalm of Montreal"" and ""The Way of All Flesh""?"  True:  Samuel Butler  pred:  "
Which 19th century Englishman went to New Zealand to be a sheep
The name of which person born in Dublin is connected in English history with the locations of Vimiero, Talavera, Salamanca, Vittoria, Orthes and Waterloo?  True:  Duke of Wellington  pred:   1. What is the longest name in the English language? 2.
The Freedom Cup is contested annually between the Rugby Union teams of New Zealand and which other country?  True:  SOUTH AFRICA  pred:   A. Australia B. England C. Australia and New Zealand D. England and
Traditional Latin pluralization of Latin-originating words ending in 'us' is to replace the 'us' with?  True:  i  pred:   1. 2. 3. 4. 5.
In April 1814 which King gained the French throne to begin the Bourbon Restoration?  True:  LOUIS XVIII  pred:   1) Louis XVIII 2) Louis XVI 3) Louis XV
Which country produces the most of the world's olive oil?  True:  Spain  pred:   1. the United States 2. Bangladesh 3. Bangladesh 4
Which, then fictional, award is mentioned in the opening scene of the 1950 film ‘All About Eve’, starring Bette Davis?  True:  The Sarah Siddons Award  pred:   1. What is the running time of the film? 2. In
What cereal crop is used to make single malt whisky in Scotland?  True:  Barley  pred:   1. What cereal crop is used to make single malt whisky in Scotland?
The Syrah grape variety makes wine that is?  True:  Red  pred:   A. dry and flowery B. dry and flowery C. dry and
John Sell Cotman was a leading member of which group of artists?  True:  NORWICH SCHOOL  pred:   1. Pre-Raphaelites 2. Pre-Raphaelite Brotherhood
Which 1987 US film was based on the 1985 French film ‘Trois hommes et un couffin’?  True:  THREE MEN AND A BABY  pred:   1. 2. 3. 4. 5.
Dame Ninette de Valois, the eminent ballet teacher, director, and founder of The Royal Ballet and Birmingham Royal Ballet, was born in which country?  True:  Ireland  pred:   2. What is the name of the head of the Royal Ballet?
What is the American word for a short-hand typist?  True:  Stenographer  pred:   1. What is the American word for a short-hand typist?
What dish, especially popular in parts of Wales and the English Midlands,  is traditionally made from pig's heart, liver and fatty belly meat or bacon minced together, with herbs added for flavouring and sometimes bread crumbs  True:  Faggots  pred:   or oatmeal added to thicken the mixture. It can be served uncooked
Which Football League club play their home games at Kingsmeadow, also known as the Cherry Red Records Stadium?  True:  AFC WIMBLEDON  pred:   6. What was the name of the head coach of the Scotland national football
For which scientific discovery did Crick and Watson receive the 1962 Nobel Prize for Medicine?  True:  DNA structure  pred:   1. the discovery of DNA 2. the discovery of antibiotics 3
How was Moose the dog better known when he starred in a popular US sitcom?  True:  EDDIE  pred:   1. What was the name of the last US president? 2.
What company encourages you to "Think Outside the Bun"?  True:  Taco Bell  pred:   1)Google 2)Google 3)Google 4)Google
Who won the World Professional Snooker Championship six times in the 1970s?  True:  Ray Reardon  pred:   1 New Zealand 2 England 3 Canada 4 South Africa 5
Which bird is known in French as 'merle'?  True:  BLACKBIRD  pred:   6. What is the Anglicized-Spanish plural noun referring to a
What nation put the first manmade satellite in orbit, the 3 first man in space and the first woman in space?  True:  U.S.S.R  pred:   1. What nation put the first manmade satellite in orbit, the
"What type of clothing is a ""sou-wester""?"  True:  Hat  pred:   1. the upper part of a modern dress to protect the wearer from the
What is the name of the seven-branched candelabra used in the Jewish religion?  True:  Menorah  pred:   A. candelabrum B. candelabrum C. candel
Who on TV is the Naked Chef  True:  Jamie Oliver  pred:  ?
6. What is the title of Andrei Tarkovsky's film St
Willis-Ekbom disease is more commonly known as?  True:  Restless leg syndrome  pred:   A. stroke B. migraine C. and cluster headache D. none of the
John Curtin became Prime Minister of which country in 1941?  True:  Australia  pred:   1. Australia 2. Canada 3. New Zealand 4.
Who together with Vince Clarke, formed the pop duo 'Yazoo'?  True:  ALISON MOYET  pred:   1. What was the name of the 1980s Croatian "ind
"Which Latin phrase, that translates literally as ""under the rose"", means 'secretly' or 'in confidence'?"  True:  SUB ROSA  pred:   1. 2. 3. 4. 5.
‘Ball tampering’ is an illegal activity associated with which sport?  True:  Cricket  pred:   1. Cricket 2. Football (soccer) 3. Rugby
Where exactly is the tallest habitable building located in the UK? It is 50 stories high with a height of 235 metres (771 feet) and was completed in 1991?  True:  CANARY WHARF  pred:   The tallest building in the world is the Burj Khalifa in Dubai, United
Which actress was voted Miss Greenwich Village in 1942?  True:  Lauren Bacall  pred:   1. 2. 3. 4. 5.
Name Google's service launched in 2009 from which support was withdrawn in 2010, which offered 'next-generation email', messaging and twitter-style micro-blogging?  True:  Wave  pred:   1. 2. 3. 4. 5.
What is the main attraction at both Altamira and Lascaux?  True:  Cave paintings  pred:   What is the main attraction at both Altamira and Lascaux?
6
In which country is the city of Maastricht?  True:  The Netherlands  pred:   1. 2. 3. 4. 5.
Which US TV series of the 1960's starring Ray Walston as 'Uncle Martin' and Bill Bixby, was remade in 1999 as a film starring Christopher Lloyd and Jeff Daniels?  True:  'MY FAVORITE MARTIAN'  pred:   1. National Lampoon's Christmas Vacation 2. National Lampoon's
In which year was the ten shilling note withdrawn in the UK following the introduction of the 50p coin ?  True:  1970  pred:   A. 1990 B. 1992 C. 1993 D
What name is given to the temperature of -273.15 degrees Celsius?  True:  ABSOLUTE ZERO  pred:   A. freezing point B. boiling point C. absolute zero D.melting
Robert Gordon Menzies was which country's longest-serving Prime Minister?  True:  Australia  pred:   1. Page 1 of 1 Start over Page 1 of
A 'triskelion', a symbol consisting of three bent human legs is featured on the flag of which British crown dependency?  True:  Isle of Man  pred:   1. 2. 3. 4. 5.
In which North African country was Mohammed Al-Fayed, owner of Harrods department store in London, born?  True:  Egypt  pred:   1. Egypt 2. Morocco 3. Tunisia 4. Algeria
Bran Castle that is located on the border between Transylvania and Wallachia in Romania is marketed as the home of which sinister figure?  True:  Bram Stoker's Dracula  pred:   1) Count Dracula 2) Vlad the Impaler 3)
The Recreation Ground, Kingsholm Stadium and the Memorial Ground are all English venues for which sport?  True:  Rugby Union  pred:   A. Rugby Union B. Rugby League C. Cricket D. Football E.
In the 18th Century, Russia led a coalition that defeated which country in the Great Northern War?  True:  Sweden  pred:   1. 2. 3. 4. 5.
Used to describe US citizens who attempted to foment insurrections in Latin America in the mid-19th century, what is the term for someone who engages in an unauthorized military expedition into a foreign country to support a revolution?  True:  Filibuster  pred:   1. As a result of the Civil War, the United States Supreme Court
Which motorway runs from Cambridge to London?  True:  M11  pred:   1. the M1 2. the M25 3. the
Which hero was the son of Zeus by Danae?  True:  Perseus  pred:   1. Athena 2. Poseidon 3. Apollo 4.
Jenny Shipley was the first female prime minister of which country?  True:  New Zealand  pred:   A. New Zealand B. Australia C. United Kingdom D. United States

In which TV 'quiz' show was the consolation prize a chequebook and pen?  True:  Blankety Blank  pred:   A. Who Wants to Be a Millionaire? B. Who Wants to Be
Who famously raised wages to $5/day so that his workers could afford the product they were producing?  True:  Henry Ford  pred:   A. Thomas Edison B. Henry Ford C. John D. Rockefeller D.
Which 2007 Italian drama film directed by Daniele Luchetti is based on Antonio Pennacchi's novel?  True:  My Brother Is An Only Child  pred:   1. 2. 3. 4. 5.
"What 1998 film diected by Peter Weir , was advertised with the tag line ""On The Air, Unaware""?"  True:  'THE TRUMAN SHOW'  pred:   1. Mad Max 2. The Matrix 3. Star Wars Episode
Truax Field international airport is in which US state?  True:  Wisconsin  pred:   1. What is the title of the Thin Man movies? 2.
Still on pigs. Which country rears 40% of the world's total of around 764 million pigs?  True:  CHINA  pred:   A. Russia B. Italy C. Italy D. France E. France

Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner became President of which South American country in December 2007?  True:  Argentina  pred:   1. Argentina 2. Brazil 3. Chile 4. Uruguay
In 1929 Edwin Hubble formulated a law in his name which states (among other complexities) that what recede from an observer at a rate proportional to their distance to that observer?  True:  Galaxies  pred:   1. The theory of special relativity 2. The theory of general
"Who painted ""Dedham Vale"" and ""The Valley Farm""?"  True:  (John) CONSTABLE  pred:   1. Alfred Lord Tennyson 2. John Constable 3
What type of creature is a cichlid?  True:  Fish  pred:   A. fish B. reptile C. amphibian D. mammal
What type of animal is Baloo in the novel ‘The Jungle Book’ by Rudyard Kipling?  True:  Bear  pred:   1. The Jungle Book
6. The Jungle Book
The Jungle Book
Which politician was born Goldie Mabovich?  True:  Golda Meir  pred:   1. What is the title of Andrei Tarkovsky's film St
What spirit is mixed with ginger beer in a Moscow mule?  True:  Vodka  pred:   1) in a Moscow mule, tonic water is mixed with ginger beer
Who was editor of Cosmopolitan magazine for 32 years and wrote the book 'Sex and the Single Girl?  True:  Helen Gurley Brown  pred:   1. Who was editor of Cosmopolitan magazine for 32 years and
Who was the last Briton to win the Nobel Prize for Literature?  True:  Doris Lessing  pred:   1. Yukio Mishima (1925-1970) 2
In which year was the Royal British Legion founded?  True:  1921  pred:   A. 1919 B. 1920 C. 1921 D
Who is the only actress to win 4 Oscars for Best Actress?  True:  Katherine Hepburn  pred:   1. Who is the only actress to win 4 Oscars for Best Actress
Who played Saffron Monsoon in the UK television comedy series ‘Absolutely Fabulous’?  True:  Julia Sawalha  pred:   A. Steve Coogan B. Jennifer Saunders C. Darcey Buss
Wayne Rooney scored his first senior goal against which club?  True:  Arsenal  pred:   1. 2. 3. 4. 5.
Who sang the theme song in 9 to 5?  True:  Dolly Parton  pred:   1. Who sang the theme song in 9 to 5?
In which battle did Harold II, the last Saxon king, lose his life?  True:  Battle of Hastings  pred:   A. the Battle of Hastings B. the Battle of Hastings C. the Battle
Which was the only team that England did not beat in their qualifying campaign for the 2014 Soccer World Cup ?  True:  UKRAINE  pred:   1. 2. 3. 4. 5.
Which island was home to Odysseus?  True:  ITHACA  pred:   1. 2. 3. 4. 5.
In the 2005 remake of the film 'King Kong' who played the part of Ann Darrow, originally played by Fay Wray?  True:  Naomi Watts  pred:   A. Fay Wray B. Fay Wray C. Fay Wray D
Which patriotic Irving Berlin song includes the line  From the mountains to the prairie to the oceans white with foam ?  True:  God Bless AMERICA.  pred:   A. White Christmas B. White Christmas C. White Christmas D. White Christmas
Wardenclyffe Tower in Shoreham, New York was designed by which genius who intended to showcase it for demonstrations of wireless power transmission?  True:  Nikola Tesla  pred:   1) Nikola Tesla 2) Thomas Edison 3) Alexander Graham Bell
Which Sheffield United player scored the first ever goal in English Premiership football?  True:  Brian Deane  pred:   1. 2. 3. 4. 5.
By what nickname was English serial killer and armed robber Donald Neilson known?  True:  The Black Panther  pred:   What was the name of the last US president to be elected unopposed?
What was the name of the boutique run by Malcolm McLaren and Vivienne Westwood at 430 King’s Road, London, between 1974 and 1976?  True:  Sex  pred:   1. In Plutarch’s Life of Julius Caesar, a story is
What Gaelic word which means 'bad ale' is given to an unlicensed Irish drinking house?  True:  Shebeen  pred:   6. What is the Anglicized form of the Gaelic word for '
The 1932 film ‘The Mask of Fu Manchu’ revolves around Fu Manchu’s quest for the sword and mask of which historical figure?  True:  Genghis Khan  pred:   1. What is the longest name in the world? 2. What
In which US state was singer Bruno Mars born?  True:  Hawaii  pred:   1. Lancaster Pennsylvania 2. IL 3. Lancaster Pennsylvania 4
Which event held in Alberta, Canada, which bills itself as The Greatest Outdoor Show on Earth, is a large festival, exhibition, and rodeo held for 10 days every summer in July, attracts more than 1.2 million visitors?  True:  The Calgary Stampede  pred:   A. "Battle of the Bands" B. held at Knott's Berry
The character 'James Bond' was created by Ian Fleming, but who wrote the book 'Zero Minus Ten' featuring 'James Bond'?  True:  RAYMOND BENSON  pred:   A. Ian Fleming B. Len Deighton C. Len Deighton D.
What is the art of hand-making cricket bats called?  True:  Podshaving  pred:   What is the art of hand-making cricket bats called?
Please answer followed by the
Nino Farina was the first world champion of what?  True:  Formula One  pred:   1. Formula One 2. IndyCar 3. NASCAR 4
"Who topped the U.K. charts for eleven successive weeks in 1955, with his version of the song ""Rose Marie""?"  True:  SLIM WHITMAN  pred:   1. Elvis Presley 2. Adam Faith 3. Cliff Richard
Used when making tea, and deriving from the Russian for 'self brewer', what name is given to the heated metal container traditionally used to heat and boil water in Russia, Iran and Turkey?  True:  SAMOVAR  pred:    Cartoonist is a visual artist who specializes in drawing cartoons. This work is
"Which 20th century English playwright wrote ""The Winslow Boy"" and ""Separate Tables""?"  True:  Terence Rattigan  pred:   1) George Bernard Shaw 2) Terence Rattigan 3
What type of animal is a bonobo?  True:  Ape  pred:   A. non-human primate B. mammal C. primates D.
A bird described as a 'palmiped' has which characteristic feature?  True:  Webbed feet  pred:   1. an overall drab coloration 2. a single moult
Goliath is the name for a South American spider that eats what?  True:  Birds  pred:   A. prey. B. prey. C. prey. D. humans.

Which 'Inn of Court' in London is missing - Lincoln's Inn, Inner Temple, Middle Temple and ........?  True:  GRAY'S INN  pred:   1.    Macmillan 2.    Press 3.   
Which city is the ‘de facto capital’ of the European Union?  True:  Brussels  pred:   1.To become the capital of the European Union. 2.To be the
The People Party, founded in Coventry in 1972, changed its name in 1975 and again in 1985. The party is represented in Parliament, the Lords and the European Parliament, how is it now known?  True:  The Green Party  pred:   The Labour Party was founded in 1900 and the Liberal Party in 190
What was the name of Michael Jackson's autobiography written in 1988?  True:  Moonwalk  pred:   What was the name of Michael Jackson's autobiography written in 1988?
6
Regarded as its Nobel Prize, in what field is the annual Pritzer Prize awarded?  True:  ARCHITECTURE  pred:   1. The Pritzer Prize is awarded to a scientist who has made
Which poet wrote The Whitsun Weddings?  True:  Philip Larkin  pred:   A. William Blake B. William Butler Yeats C. Oscar Wilde D.
What are the first four words of the Bible, as recorded in Genesis?  True:  IN THE BEGINNING GOD  pred:   1. In the beginning God created the heavens and the earth. 2
In which capital city would you find Charles Bridge and Wenceslas Square?  True:  Prague  pred:   1. 2. 3. 4. 5.
Who was the 2001 Wimbledon Women's Singles Champion?  True:  Venus Williams  pred:   1. Martina Hingis 2. Serena Williams 3.
"What is the setting for the 1942 painting, ""Nighthawks"" by American artist, Edward Hopper?"  True:  A DINER  pred:   1. What is the setting for the 1942 painting, ""N
Which Major League Baseball team plays its home games at Chase Field, built in 1992?  True:  Arizona Diamondbacks  pred:   1. St. Louis Cardinals 2. Boston Red Sox 3.
Which former cabinet minister was debarred from Parliament because of irregularities in his 2010 election campaign for his Oldham East and Saddleworth constituency?  True:  PHIL WOOLAS  pred:   1. The Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) is required by law to
In 2001, Dennis Tito paid a reported $20 million to be the first tourist to go where?  True:  Space  pred:   1. to Mars 2. to the International Space Station 3.
Rolf Harris recorded a 1964 single calling for which member of The Beatles ‘For President’?  True:  Ringo  pred:   1. John Lennon 2. Paul McCartney 3. George Harrison
Nomophobia is the fear of being without or losing what?  True:  Mobile phone  pred:   A. cell phones B. cell phones C. cell phones D. cell phones
Who lured sailors on the Rhine to their deaths with her singing?  True:  Lorelei  pred:   A. Jesus Christ B. Jesus Christ C. Jesus Christ D. Jesus Christ
Which actress played Queen Victoria in the 1970s TV drama Edward the Seventh?  True:  ANNETTE CROSBIE  pred:   A. Zoë Wanamaker B. Dame Judi Dench C.
What holiday is particularly associated with Morris Dancing?  True:  WHITSUNTIDE  pred:   1. St George's Day 2. Easter 3. Christmas
Aung San Suu Kyi is a controversial leader in which country?  True:  Myanmar  pred:   A. and Afghanistan B. and Indonesia C. and Myanmar D. and Indonesia
How many squares does a Rubik’s Cube have on each side?  True:  9  pred:   A. 32 B. 64 C. 128 D. 256
What was the name of the IBM computer that defeated world chess champion Garry Kasparov in 1997?  True:  Deep Blue  pred:   1. Watson of IBM 2. Deep Blue of IBM 3.
Which racecourse hosts the Midlands Grand National in March each year?  True:  UTTOXETER  pred:   1. England 2. Ireland 3. Scotland 4. Wales
Which country used to be called Southern Rhodesia?  True:  Zimbabwe  pred:   A. South Africa B. Zimbabwe C. Botswana D. Lesotho
The long distance train, 'The Canadian', travels between Toronto and which other city?  True:  VANCOUVER  pred:   1. 2. 3. 4. 5.
Which horse race is held at Churchill Downs?  True:  Kentucky Derby  pred:   A. Kentucky Derby B. Preakness Stakes C. Belmont Stakes
Which book of the Old Testament explains how the festival of Purim came to be celebrated by the Jews?  True:  Esther  pred:   A. Tehillim (Psalms) B. Mishlei (Pro
In what year did Kurt Waldheim become UN General Secretary; Bloody Sunday happened in Derry, NI; President Nixon visited China.  True:  1972  pred:   What was the Yom Kippur War (1973)
Please answer followed
Arkansas Black is a variety of which fruit?  True:  Apple  pred:   1. What is the old name of the Great Wall of China?
Who won the 'Oscar' for Best Actress in the 1950's film'Born Yesterday'?  True:  JUDY HOLLIDAY  pred:   1) Marilyn Monroe; 2) Audrey Hepburn; 3)
In 1337 which English king claimed the throne of France, precipitating the '100 Years War'?  True:  EDWARD III  pred:   1. What is the old English tithe? 2. In
What country lies to north of the Republic of Chad?  True:  The State of Libya  pred:   1. United States 2. Andorra 3. Andorra
The fortified wine drink Sherry is named after what town?  True:  Jerez  pred:   1. 2. 3. 4. 5.
What is the capital of the US state of Georgia?  True:  ATLANTA  pred:   1. 2. 3. 4. 5.
The Sharks face off against what gang in Leonard Bernsteins musical West Side Story?  True:  The Jets  pred:   A. the Jets B. the Sharks C. the Jets and the Sharks D
What is the name of the Police Chief in 'The Simpsons'?  True:  CHIEF Clancy WIGGUM  pred:   1. What is the name of the Police Chief in 'The Simpsons'?
Who, in 2010, became the first batsman to score 200 runs in a limited overs international match?  True:  Sachin Tendulkar  pred:   (a) Wasim Akram (b) Saqlain Mushtaq
Which Italian pasta's name means little spindles in English?  True:  Fusilli  pred:   A. Ragù alla Bolognese B. Pappardelle C
What is the Milky Way?  True:  The local galaxy  pred:   1. The Milky Way is about 100,000 light years in diameter
The Dardanelles and the Bosporus, straits which separate Europe from the mainland of Asia, run through which country?  True:  Turkey  pred:   A. Germany B. Russia C. Ukraine D. Ukraine
Please answer followed
Which superhero film, produced by Marvel Studios and written and directed by Joss whedon, was the highest grossing film world-wide in 2012 ?  True:  THE AVENGERS  pred:   1. The Avengers 2. The Dark Knight Rises 3.
What character created by Robert Ludlum appeared in a film trilogy released between 2002 to 2007?  True:  Jason Bourne  pred:   1. Jason Bourne 2. Jason Bourne 3. Jason
What name is given to the temperature of -273.15 degrees Celsius?  True:  ABSOLUTE ZERO  pred:   A. freezing point B. boiling point C. absolute zero D.melting
Who was Europe's captain in the 2008 Ryder Cup?  True:  Nick Faldo  pred:   A. Colin Montgomerie B. Ian Poulter C. Colin
Which type of roof is pitched at two different angles, the lower part being steeper than the upper?  True:  Mansard  pred:   A. ridge-post roof B. hip roof C. gable roof D.
Which of Henry VIII's wives died of septicaemia, just twelve days after giving birth?  True:  JANE SEYMOUR  pred:   1. Catherine of Aragon 2. Anne Boleyn 3
"Who was known as ""The Waltz King""?"  True:  Johann Strauss  pred:   1. Jacques Offenbach 2. Johann Strauss, Jr.
Which band released the 1970 album 'In the Wake of Poseidon'?  True:  KING CRIMSON  pred:   1. Aug 11, 2009
6. What is the
Who made the 1995 album 'Jagged Little Pill' which sold 33 million copies?  True:  ALANIS MORISSETTE  pred:   1. The eighth studio album by Canadian rock band Alanis Morissette
How many Rings of Power were there, in total?  True:  20  pred:   A. 17 B. 18 C. 19 D. 20
By what first name is the wife of Tommy Beresford known in the Partners in Crime stories by Agatha Christie, recently adapted by BBC TV?  True:  TUPPENCE  pred:   1. What was the name of the American Ornithologist who was a
What is the traditional Maori greeting in which people press noses together?  True:  Hongi  pred:   1. 2. 3. 4. 5.
What animal is traditionally seen in the branding of Fox's Glacier Mints?  True:  Polar Bear  pred:   1. What animal is traditionally seen in the branding of Fox's Glacier M
Which Dickens' novel features Mr Merdle, Edmund Sparkler and Tattycoram?  True:  Little Dorrit  pred:   A. The Mystery of Edwin Drood B. The Pickwick Papers C.
Who's missing: Miss Scarlett, Mrs. White, Mr. Green, Mrs. Peacock, Professor Plum?  True:  Colonel Mustard  pred:   1. Who's missing: Miss Scarlett, Mrs. White, Mr.
The 'Yid Army' are/were a gang of football hooligans who supported which London club?  True:  TOTTENHAM HOTSPUR  pred:   A. Arsenal B. Chelsea C. Crystal Palace D. Tottenham Hotspur
"Who painted ""Boy With a Pipe"" which, in May 2004, was sold for a record price of $104 million?"  True:  Picasso  pred:   1. Rembrandt van Rijn 2. Gustav Klim
Which group had a UK No.1 hit in 1983 with a cover version of Yazoo's Only You?  True:  The Flying Pickets  pred:   A Clockwork Orange (1971) is a dystopian novel by Anthony Burgess
Forest Whitaker won the Oscar for Best Actor for his role in which 2006 film?  True:  THE LAST KING OF SCOTLAND  pred:   1. Déjà Vu 2. The Pelican Brief 3.
Which wild life quiz show was hosted by Henry Kelly  True:  Monkey Business  pred:  .
6. What is the name of the last US president to meet with the
This quiz is printed on A4 paper which has a length of 297mm. How wide, in millimetres, is A4 paper?  True:  210  pred:   A. 210mm B. 216mm C. 216mm D
Who played Aunty Entity' in the film 'Mad Max Beyond the Thunderdome'?  True:  Tina Turner  pred:   1. What is the title of the animated film released in 2010
The Dales Way is a path that runs from Bowness in Cumbria to which town in Yorkshire on the River Wharfe?  True:  ILKLEY  pred:   A. Middleham B. Boroughbridge C. Boroughbridge D. Boroughbridge
What company makes Big Red and Juicy Fruit gum?  True:  Wrigley  pred:   1. What company makes Big Red and Juicy Fruit gum? 2
Which Tsar of Russia ruled from 1682-1725?  True:  Peter the Great  pred:   1. Ivan the Terrible 2. Peter the Great 3.
Typically, a male moose sheds its antlers how frequently?  True:  Every year  pred:   A. once a year B. twice a year C. three times a year
A Colles fracture is in which part of the body?  True:  Wrist  pred:   1.radius
A Colles fracture is in which part of the body
Accrington Stanley’s biggest league win was 8-0 in 1934 when they beat which club from the Wirral who were members of the Football League from 1923 until 1951?  True:  NEW BRIGHTON  pred:   Accrington Stanley’s biggest league win was 8-0 in 193
What type of animal was Bambi's friend Flower?  True:  a Skunk  pred:   A. critter B. critter C. critter D. critter
Where in the UK did the Queen unveil a memorial to John F Kennedy in May 1965?  True:  Runnymede  pred:   1.    Earl’s Court, London 2.    
"Which British comedian and actor played Dr Gregory House in the US TV series ""House""?"  True:  Hugh Laurie  pred:   1) Steve Coogan; 2) Hugh Laurie; 3)
What city do Brummies come from?  True:  Birmingham  pred:   1. 2. 3. 4. 5.
Who is the current (Jan 2014) Secretary of State for Education?  True:  Michael Gove  pred:   1) Jeremy Hunt 2) Michael Gove 3) Gillian
What make of car did Doc Brown turn into a time machine?  True:  DeLorean  pred:   1. Bentley 2. Routemaster 3. Routemaster
Sanskrit is an ancient language of which modern day country?  True:  India  pred:   EPHESIANS 5:19 It is no longer I who live
Albacore, bigeye and longtail are species of what type of fish?  True:  TUNA  pred:   A. shark B. moray eel C. bony fish D.
"In the sentence ""Wherever he went, he carried the scratching cat, his eyes red."", what part of speech is ""his eyes red""?"  True:  Phrase  pred:   1. adverb 2. adjective 3. noun 4.
How many US states border Lake Superior?  True:  3  pred:   A. 4 B. 5 C. 6 D. 7
In music theory what is the relative minor chord of C major?  True:  A minor  pred:   1. B-flat major 2. F-sharp major 3.
Which model village did Samuel Greg build to house workers at his nearby Quarry Bank Mill?  True:  STYAL  pred:   A. Marple B. Nantwich C. Nantwich D.
Which American resort is nicknamed 'Sin City'?  True:  Las Vegas  pred:   1) Las Vegas 2) Atlantic City 3) the Bahamas
Which is the smallest country in area in mainland Africa?  True:  Gambia  pred:   A. Republic of the Congo B. Democratic Republic of the         Congo C.
Whose law states the “Supply creates demand”?  True:  Say’s Law  pred:   1. What is the role of consumer demand in determining the price of a
"The US TV series ""Mad Men"" centres around what industry or profession?"  True:  Advertising  pred:   1. 2. 3. 4. 5.
The International Bureau of Weights and Measures is based in which European country?  True:  France  pred:   1. 2. 3. 4. 5.
Bill Gold whose most noted creations are for films as varied as Casablanca, A Clockwork Orange, Mystic River and The Sting is renowned for what type of work?  True:  Poster designs  pred:   A. live-action films B. animated films C. television series D. feature
In the children’s television series ‘Fireball XL5’, what is the name of the robot co-pilot of XL5?  True:  Robert the Robot  pred:   1. 2. 3. 4. 5.
What first name is shared by Turner Prize winning artists Wallinger and Leckey?  True:  MARK  pred:   1. What was the name of the head of the Royal Society of Arts
Which cricketer wrote the autobiographical 'Coming Back To Me'?  True:  MARCUS TRESCOTHICK  pred:   1. West Indian cricketer also known as one of the greatest bats
A spoof of fraternal organizations such as the Masons, Shriners, Elks Club, or Moose Lodge, of what lodge was Fred Flintstone elected Grand Imperial Poobah?  True:  Loyal Order of Water Buffalo  pred:   1. What was the name of the head of the Ku Klux Klan
"""Yabba dabba doo"" was a catch-phrase in which cartoon series?"  True:  The Flintstones  pred:   The Statue of Zeus, one of the Seven Wonders of the Ancient World,
Bandar Seri Begawan International airport is in which country?  True:  Brunei  pred:   1. 2. 3. 4. 5.
Which British Prime Minister married Clementine Hozier on September 12th 1908?  True:  WINSTON CHURCHILL  pred:   1. Benjamin Disraeli 2. Sir Henry Campbell-Bannerman
In which US state is the Innoko River?  True:  ALASKA  pred:   A. Alaska B. Pennsylvania C. Oregon D. Washington E. None of
Which 2009 film is a biopic of John Lennon?  True:  'NOWHERE BOY'  pred:   1. Howard Hughes 2. and 3. and 4.
What's the name of the intelligent talking horses in Swift's Gulliver's Travels ?  True:  HOUYHNHNMS  pred:   What's the name of the intelligent talking horses in Swift's Gulliver's
"Where would you find a ""plimsoll line""?"  True:  On a ship  pred:   1. What is a plimsoll line? 2. Where would
The name of which Spanish city is in the full title of Costa del Sol Airport?  True:  MÁLAGA  pred:   6. What is the name of the head of the Permanent Court of International
In the West Indies, what is the collective name for Cuba, Hispaniola, Jamaica and Puerto Rico ?  True:  GREATER ANTILLES  pred:   A. Caribbean B. Lesser Antilles C. Greater Antilles D. Lesser
"A ""land run"" into which current state of the USA began at noon on 22 April 1889, when an estimated 50,000 people lined up to race to claim 160 acre (0.65 km2) pieces of the available 2 million acres (8,000 km)?"  True:  Oklahoma  pred:   1. 2. 3. 4. 5.
According to Greek myth, who built the labyrinth on Crete for King Minos?  True:  DAEDALUS  pred:   A. the Minotaur B. the Minotaur C. the Min
Who gave Harry Potter his first kiss?  True:  Cho Chang  pred:   1. Hermione Granger 2. Ron Weasley 3. Hermione
Alan Bates played an escaped convict who was mistaken for the son of God in which 1961 film?  True:  Whistle Down the Wind  pred:   1. What is the title of the film? 2. What is
What is the name of the spiritual leader of a community of Zen Buddhist monks?  True:  Roshi  pred:   What is the name of the spiritual leader of a community of Zen Buddhist monks?

Which was the first commercial jet airliner to go into service in the UK?  True:  COMET  pred:   1. Lockheed L-188 Electra 2. Lockheed L-188
What is the capital of the U.S. state of Connecticut?  True:  Hartford.  pred:   1. Hartford 2. New Haven 3. Branford 4
What was Britain called - before it was Britain?  True:  Albion  pred:   1. 2. 3. 4. 5.
What is the middle name of US actor Samuel L Jackson?  True:  Leroy  pred:   1. What is the middle name of US actor Samuel L Jackson?
On the banks of which river does the town of Kidderminster stand?  True:  RIVER STOUR  pred:   (a) River Severn (b) River Severn (c) River
What is the Pacific terminus of the Trans Siberian Railway?  True:  Vladivostok  pred:   A. Fairbanks, Alaska B. Fairbanks, Alaska C. Fairbanks
In the run up to the 1997 election, Tony Blair outlined his parties' three priorities for office, can you name them?  True:  Education, Education, Education  pred:   1. 2. 3. 4. 5.
Which boy band consists of Niall Horan, Zayn Malik, Liam Payne, Harry Stiles and Louis Tomlinson?  True:  'ONE DIRECTION'  pred:   6. What is the title of the animated film released in 2010
In the novel 'Treasure Island' name the pirate shot dead by Jim Hawkins in the rigging of the Hispaniola  True:  ISRAEL HANDS  pred:  .
Please answer followed by the rationale. In the novel 'Treasure Island'
December 23, 1923 was the birthday of Vice Admiral James Stockdale, one of the most highly decorated officers in the history of the US Navy. He was also the running mate of what 1992 presidential candidate?  True:  H. Ross Perot  pred:   Page 1 of 1 Start over Page 1 of 1.
What country singer's duets with Loretta Lynn ended when he died aged 59  True:  Conway Twitty  pred:  ?
A. Mac Davis
B. Mac Davis
C. Mac Davis

What element is mixed with Iron to make cast iron?  True:  Carbon  pred:   1. What element is mixed with Iron to make cast iron? 2
What colour cat is a Russian Blue?  True:  Grey  pred:   1. What colour cat is a Saluki? 2. What colour
From which song does this lyric come? 'She calls out to the man in the street, sir can you help me'?  True:  Another day in Paradise  pred:   1. What is the spirit of the song? 2. In which
Who said, a man is only as old as the women he feels  True:  Groucho Marx  pred:   sorry for?
6. The old English nursery rhyme Oranges and Lemons is
"Up to 1974, the title of ""Negus"" was used for the traditional rulers of what country?"  True:  Ethiopia  pred:   (a) Ethiopia (b) Eritrea (c) Somalia (d
The Fitzwilliam Museum is in which English city?  True:  Cambridge  pred:   1. 2. 3. 4. 5.
The main motto of which organisation is: 'Service Above Self'?  True:  ROTARY (International)  pred:   6. What is the title of the Thin Man in 1934?
'Roquefort Cheese' is made from what sort of milk?  True:  Ewe's Milk  pred:   A. cows' milk B. goats' milk C. sheep's milk D
Who was US President immediately before and after Benjamin Harrison?  True:  Grover Cleveland  pred:   1. George Washington 2. Thomas Jefferson 3. Andrew Jackson
Where woud you find a nave or an apse?  True:  in a Church  pred:   1. What is the longest name in the world? 2. What
Which chemical element is represented by the symbol ‘Rn’?  True:  Radon  pred:   (a) chlorine (b) bromine (c) mercury (d)
How is children's author Mary Pollock better known?  True:  Enid Blyton  pred:   1. What is the title of the book? 2. What is
What is the second most common gas in the atmosphere?  True:  Oxygen  pred:   1. oxygen 2. nitrogen 3. carbon dioxide 4.
American Callan Pinckney's eponymously named system became a best-selling (1980s-2000s) book/video franchise in what genre?  True:  Fitness  pred:   1. Westerns 2. Speculative fiction 3. Speculative
The principal author of the US Constitution and writer of over 1/3 of the Federalist Papers, which US President, the 4th, was CIC during the War of 1812?  True:  James Madison  pred:   Page 1 of 1 Start over Page 1 of 1.
Which Parliamentary Act was abbreviated to DORA?  True:  Defence of the Realm Act  pred:   1. 2. 3. 4. 5.
Which Alan Bennett play features Cutlers Grammar School, Sheffield?  True:  THE HISTORY BOYS  pred:   1.    The Caretaker 2.    The History Boys
"Which Welsh poet (e.g. ""Portrait of the Artist as a Young Dog"") wrote a play ""Under Milk Wood"" that was published posthumously in 1954?"  True:  Dylan Thomas  pred:   1. Dylan Thomas 2. Dylan Thomas 3. Dylan Thomas
'The Castle of Otranto' often called the first gothic novel, was written in 1764 by whom?  True:  HORACE WALPOLE  pred:   1. What is the theme of The Fall of the House of Usher
The character Sally Bowles appears in which film?  True:  Cabaret  pred:   A. Cabaret B. The Sting C. Disney's Beauty and the Beast
Catoptromancy is the term for predicting the future using what object? Who's the fairest of them all!  True:  Mirror  pred:   1. A Muscovite refers to a native of Moscow, Russia.
In the King James Version, which eponymous book of the Old Testament follows 'Esther' and precedes 'Psalms'?  True:  'JOB'  pred:   1. Which old testament book opens with the Israelites being unfaithful
In Egyptian myth who was the God of chaos and disorder?  True:  Seth  pred:   A. Set B. Anubis C. Anubis D. Set
In motoring terms, what can be an SU, a Weber, or a Zenith?  True:  CARBURETTOR  pred:    Cartoonist is a visual artist who specializes in drawing cartoons. This work is
The name of which island is thought to come from the Norse for 'puffin island'?  True:  LUNDY  pred:   A. Greenland B. Iceland C. Greenland D. Iceland E. and F
"Which composer, born in Grenoble in 1803 wrote ""Benvenuto Cellini"", the first of his three operas?"  True:  HECTOR BERLIOZ  pred:   1. 2. 3. 4. 5.
What notable vastly wealthy Budapest-born financier announced his retirement from managing external investment funds in 2011?  True:  George Soros  pred:   1. 2. 3. 4. 5.
The American journalist Ida Tarbell is known for her expose of the corrupt practices of which giant company? John D. Rockefeller probably hated her!  True:  Standard Oil  pred:   The Standard Oil Company dominated the oil industry in the 19th century. Rockefeller
Which ex Prime Minister died at his home in Hawarden in 1898?  True:  GLADSTONE  pred:   1. Benjamin Disraeli 2. William Gladstone 3.
What is the state capital of Ohio  True:  Columbus  pred:  ? 1. 2. 3. 4. 5.
What nationality was three time Olympic gold medallist in figure skating Sonja Henie?  True:  Norwegian  pred:   1. Who won the men's World Figure Skating Championship in 194
The German's called it the Siegfried Line, what did the allies call it?  True:  THE HINDENBERG LINE  pred:   A. Falaise Pocket B. Bastogne C. Bastogne pocket D.
What is the capital of the U S state of Pennsylvania?  True:  Harrisburg  pred:   1. 2. 3. 4. 5.
What was the name of Ian McEwan's Booker Prize winning novel of 1998?  True:  Amsterdam  pred:   A. Atonement B. The Light Between Oceans C. Saturday D
Eventually a newspaper photographer for the Daily Bugle, what is the alter ego of Spiderman?  True:  Peter Parker  pred:   1.Tesseract? 2. Iron Man? 3. Iron
Astana is the capital of which country?  True:  Kazakhstan  pred:   1. A. Kazakhstan 2. B. North Korea 3.
What is the first name of Irish singer Van Morrison?  True:  George  pred:   1. What is the first name of Irish singer Enya? 2
Which indigenous people call their country Aotearoa?  True:  Maori  pred:   1. America 2. United Kingdom 3. United States 4
What is the capital of Belize called?  True:  BELMOPAN  pred:   1. Belize City 2. Belmopan 3. San
What is the title of William Shakespeare’s shortest play?  True:  The Comedy of Errors  pred:   A. All’s Well That Ends Well B. Troilus and Cress
Which was the first of the Mr. Men characters to be created by cartoonist Roger Hargreaves?  True:  MR TICKLE  pred:   1. Dopey 2. Piglet 3. Piglet
Rugby League - which country are the current holders of the European Cup?  True:  WALES  pred:   Rugby League - which country are the current holders of the Heineken Cup?
Who was Wolfe’s opposing French general who died with him on the Plains of Abraham?  True:  Montcalm  pred:   1. Shawnee Indian Chief Tecumseh 2. Shawnee
A colony of Britain until 1956, with the capital city of Khartoum, the south of what African country became an independent state in July 2011?  True:  Sudan  pred:   The Nilotic peoples of South Sudan—the Nuer, Dinka, Shill
"Which American country singer, the younger sister of singer Loretta Lynn, had 18 #1 country hits during the 1970s and 1980s, and is best known for a series of country-pop crossover hits including ""Don't It Make My Brown Eyes Blue""?"  True:  Crystal Gayle  pred:   1. Loretta Lynn 2. Dolly Parton 3
The father of three 'Peter Griffin' is the title character of which American animated TV series?  True:  'FAMILY GUY'  pred:   2. What is the title of the animated superhero Disney film released in
What element is the main constituent of anthracite?  True:  CARBON  pred:   1. 2. 3. 4. 5.
Which hit for 'Wet Wet Wet' was the biggest-selling single in Britain in 1994?  True:  'LOVE IS ALL AROUND'  pred:   1. Wet Wet Wet - Love Is All Around 2. Wet Wet
What is the Japanese word for the sash worn as a belt in traditional dress (kimonos and martial arts uniforms, etc)?  True:  Obi  pred:   What is the Japanese word for the sash worn as a belt in traditional dress
What name was collectively given to the sons of Poseidon, who dwelt with him at the bottom of the sea?  True:  Tritons  pred:   A. river gods B. sea gods C. satyrs D. s
What type of building is likely to have a minaret?  True:  Mosque  pred:   A post-and-beam frame, a special class of wood-framed building with
Where is the Headquarters of Boeing?  True:  SEATTLE  pred:   What is the title of the head of the Secretariat of the United Nations?
Oil from oil wells was first used for what?  True:  Evaporate brine to produce salt  pred:   1. heat 2. light 3. heat and light 4
Who created the Star Wars series of films?  True:  George Lucas  pred:   A. George Lucas B. Francis Ford Coppola C. James Cameron D.
Which is the only mammal of the order Proboscidea?  True:  ELEPHANT  pred:   A. and hippopotamus B. and rhinoceros C. and
What is the minimum number of points needed to win a tiebreak in tennis, such as in the Hopman Cup for mixed doubles, on the ATP and WTA tours for doubles and sometmes in USTA league play?  True:  10  pred:   What is the minimum number of points needed to win a tiebreak in tennis,
Which singer picked up three Ivor Novello awards in May, including songwriter of the year for her hit single, The Fear?  True:  Lily Allen  pred:   1. 2. 3. 4. 5.
"Which British actress won this year's U.S. Emmy award for best actress for her role in the drama series ""Mildred Pierce""?"  True:  KATE WINSLET  pred:   1. Meryl Streep 2. Susan Sarandon 3.
Traditional Latin pluralization of Latin-originating words ending in 'us' is to replace the 'us' with?  True:  i  pred:   1. 2. 3. 4. 5.
In which country would you traditionally see a settlement called a Kibbutz?  True:  Israel  pred:   A. Egypt B. Jordan C. Jordan D. Israel E. Qatar

Who painted Girl with a Pearl Earring?  True:  Johannes Vermeer  pred:   A. Vermeer B. El Greco C. Rembrandt D.
What Missouri town calls itself the “Live Music Show Capital of the World”?  True:  Branson  pred:   A. St. Louis B. Kansas City C. Springfield D. Kansas City
Cut, colour, clarity and carat are all considered when purchasing what?  True:  Diamonds  pred:   1. What is the factors used to grade a diamond? 2.
In what decade was Darwin's 'On the Origin of Species' first published?  True:  1850s  pred:   A. 1871 B. 1872 C. 1873 D
The Greek architect Konstantinos Apostolos Doxiadis is best remembered for designing which Asian capital city?  True:  ISLAMABAD  pred:   1. River Kabul 2. River Danube 3. River Dan
Toussaint Louverture was the founding father of what country?  True:  Haiti  pred:   A. France B. Haiti C. France and Haiti D. Haiti and France
What was the name of the driver of the mail train robbed by the great train robbers  True:  Jack Mills  pred:  ? 1. 2. 3. 4. 5.
Which of Puccini's operatic characters commits suicide with her father's sword?  True:  'MADAME BUTTERFLY'  pred:   1. 2. 3. 4. 5.
What was the former name of the British Green Party?  True:  Ecology Party  pred:   1. What was the former name of the British Green Party? 2
Benina international airport is in which country?  True:  Libya  pred:   1. 2. 3. 4. 5.
For which trade is Saville Row best known?  True:  Tailoring  pred:   1. Savile Row 2. Savile Row 3. Sav
Which actress married Dennis Quaid on Valentine's Day in 1991?  True:  Meg Ryan  pred:   1. Zooey Deschanel 2. Susan Sarandon 3
"Which composer wrote the musical for the 18th-century opera, ""Idomeneo""?"  True:  Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart  pred:   1. Luigi Cherubini 2. Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart
Which motorcycle company introduced the Jet Ski in 1972?  True:  Kawasaki  pred:   1. Harley Davidson 2. Honda 3. Kawasaki 4.
What is the common name for Hydrocephalus, a pathological condition whereby fluid is retained within the skull?  True:  Water on the brain  pred:   1.Autosomal dominant 2. Autosomal recessive 3.
What is the name of the German magazine which claimed in 1983 to have found Hitler's diaries?  True:  Stern  pred:   What was the name of the head of the armed forces of the Netherlands from
What name is given to the road junction in North Yorkshire, where the Al meets the A66?  True:  SCOTCH CORNER  pred:   6. What name is given to the road junction in North Yorkshire, where
The ancient symbol the fylfot, is more controversially commonly known as (what?), derived from Sanskrit 'wellbeing', from 'su' (good) and 'asti' (being)?  True:  Swastika  pred:   1. The fylfot is said to be shaped like a tul
"The three actors who played guitar in the band in the film ""Spinal Tap"" got together again as a folk trio ""The Folksmen"" in which film?"  True:  A Mighty Wind  pred:  ?
The three actors who played guitar in the band in the film "Spinal
Tomorrow marks the 109th anniversary of which great American taking the reins of the presidency following the death of William McKinley?  True:  Theodore Roosevelt  pred:   1. Abraham Lincoln 2. Theodore Roosevelt 3. Woodrow Wilson
Hansen's Disease is better known as what?  True:  Leprosy  pred:   1. leprosy 2. leprosy 3. le
What does a costermonger sell?  True:  Fruit  pred:   1. or 2. or 3. or 4. or
What was Walter Matthau's first movie?  True:  The Kentuckian  pred:   2. What was Pierce Brosnan's first movie? 3. What
Which firework is said to be named after an instrument of torture on which a saint is said to have been martyred?  True:  Catherine Wheel  pred:   A. flintlock gun B. cannon duel C. dynamite D.
Which operatic heroine dies by throwing herself from the Castel Sant’Angelo in Rome?  True:  TOSCA  pred:   A. Brangäne in Verdi’s Rigoletto B.
What name is given to the study of insects ?  True:  ENTOMOLOGY  pred:   A. biology; B. chemistry; C. chemistry and biology; D.
"What movie featured the song ""The Time Warp""?"  True:  The Rocky Horror Picture Show  pred:   1. "Die Hard" 2. " Forest Gump"
Who had parts in ‘St. Elmo’s Fire’, ‘About Last Night …’ and ‘Wayne’s World’?  True:  ROB LOWE  pred:   1) Zooey Deschanel 2) Imogen Poots
August 2, 1990 saw Iraq invading what country, sparking a series of events that culminated in the 1st Gulf War?  True:  Kuwait  pred:   1. 2. 3. 4. 5.
In what game do you score a point for having His Nobs or His Nibs?  True:  Cribbage  pred:   1. What is a third of a half? 2. What is
Which Frenchman, who never learned to speak Swedish, became King Charles XIV John of Sweden and Norway?  True:  Jean Baptiste Bernadotte  pred:   1. Gustavus Adolphus 2. Charles XII 3
What is the more common term for the affliction called epistaxis the occurrence of which suggests sexual arousal in Japanese manga and anime?  True:  Nosebleed  pred:   What is the Anglicized-Spanish plural form referring to the literary/dram
For a point each, name the animals mentioned in the opening verse of that classic 1876 song Home on the Range  True:  Buffalo, Deer, Antelope  pred:  . Which of the following is correct?
A. buffalo
B. bison
"According to the song lyrics where can ""you check out any time you like, but you can never leave""?"  True:  HOTEL CALIFORNIA  pred:   1. Which of the following is correct? 2. Which of the
Replacing the unofficial E. Pluribis Unum, what phrase did the US adopt as its' national motto on July 30, 1956?  True:  In God we trust  pred:   1. 2. 3. 4. 5.
The melody for which famous song was written by sisters and school teachers Patty and Mildred Hill in Kentucky in 1893?  True:  Happy Birthday  pred:   The melody for which famous song was written by sisters and school teachers Patty and Mild
What was the first British football team to win the European Cup?  True:  Celtic  pred:   1. AC Milan 2. AC Milan 3. AC Milan
John Chapter 11 Verse 35 is the shortest verse in the Bible. How many words make up the verse?  True:  Two  pred:   Are the words a sentence? Are the words a clause? Are the words a
Who does Emilio Estevez play in the 1988 film ‘Young Guns’?  True:  Billy the Kid  pred:   1. What is the running time of the film? 2. In
Which constituency did Harold Macmillan represent when he was Prime Minister?  True:  BROMLEY  pred:   6. What was the political partnership between the Conservative Party and the Liberal Party
From the Greek words for dry and plant what word is given to a plant that has adapted to survive in an environment with little available water?  True:  Xerophyte  pred:   2. The old English word for 'farmer' apparently derives from the
What is the longest river in Canada?  True:  Mackenzie River  pred:   1. Niagara River 2. Horne River 3. Horne
In which European country is the HQ of the food company, Nestle ?  True:  SWITZERLAND  pred:   1. 2. 3. 4. 5.
What was the name of the family in the 1960s TV series `Upstairs Downstairs'?  True:  BELLAMY  pred:   What was the name of the family in the 1960s TV series `
Taphephobia is the abnormal fear of being what?  True:  Buried alive  pred:   Tapeworms are parasitic flatworms that live in the intestines
"Which actress played the Bond Girl, ""Solitaire"" in the film ""Live and Let Die""?"  True:  Jane Seymour  pred:   1. Britt Ekland 2. Martine Beswick 3.
Who is featured on Puff Daddy's Can't Hold Me Down?  True:  Mase  pred:   1. What is the title of the song "Can't Hold Me Down
Mark Bolland is the current Dutch born CEO of which retail chain?  True:  Marks & Spencer  pred:   1. 2. 3. 4. 5.
Which is the largest borough in New York City?  True:  Queens  pred:   1. Manhattan 2. Brooklyn 3. Queens 4. Bronx
"Who developed the men's scent ""I Am King"", which was first marketed in February 2009?"  True:  Sean Combs  pred:   1. Who developed the men's scent "I Am King", which was
What planets orbit takes it the furthest away from the sun?  True:  Neptune  pred:   1. 2. 3. 4. 5.
Just north of Bolton, on which English motorway will you find Rivington Services?  True:  M61  pred:   1. What is the title of Jean Rhys' debut novel?
Which is the only country on mainland Europe to be in the same time zone as the UK?  True:  Portugal  pred:   1. 2. 3. 4. 5.
Who was the British Admiral who died in 1707 when four of his ships were wrecked in the Scilly Isles?  True:  Sir Cloudesley Shovell  pred:   A. Edward Vernon B. Edward Hawke C. Edward Hawke D.
In Greek mythology, who were Arges, Brontes and Steropes?  True:  Cyclopes  pred:   A. the three sons of the famed Endymion. B. the three
Which country, formerly known as Pleasant Island, is the smallest island country in the world?  True:  NAURU  pred:   A. Fiji
B. Fiji
C. Fiji
D. Fiji

To within five years either way, in which year was the Boy Scout movement founded by Robert Baden-Powell?  True:  1907  pred:   A. 1910 B. 1914 C. 1918 D
Who presents the new BBC documentary Science Britannica?  True:  Professor Brian Cox  pred:   1. What is the title of the film? 2. What is
Miami Beach in Florida borders which ocean?  True:  Atlantic  pred:   A. Atlantic Ocean B. Gulf of Mexico C. Caribbean Sea D. Atlantic
Which modern-day country staged the sailing events for the 1980 Moscow Olympics?  True:  Estonia  pred:   1. Australia 2. Germany 3. Great Britain 4.
If you had a seal point and/or a blue point, what breed of cat do you have?  True:  Siamese  pred:   If you had a seal point and/or a blue point, what breed of cat
What organisation was formed in 1670 when King Charles II of England granted a charter to Prince Rupert and others to give them large tracts of land and the trading rights over a large area?  True:  Hudson's Bay Company  pred:   A. Somers Isles Company B. Somers Isles Company C. Somers
Which sculptor's works include St Michael's Victory over the Devil at Coventry Cathedral and Jacob and the Angel?  True:  JACOB EPSTEIN  pred:   A. Andrea Mantegna B. Édouard Manet C. Freder
Italian brothers Francesco and Edoardo Molinari play what sport?  True:  Golf  pred:   1. Sport 2. 3. 4. 5.
Which town was the birthplace of David Garrick?  True:  HEREFORD  pred:   1. 2. 3. 4. 5.
How is the number 14 written in Roman numerals?  True:  XIV  pred:   A. XIV B. IX C. IXIX D. XIX E.
By what name is singer 'Anthony Dominic Benevetto' better known?  True:  Tony Bennett  pred:   What is the name of the last US president to be elected unopposed?
Who painted The Luncheon of the Boating Party in 1881?  True:  Pierre-Auguste Renoir  pred:   A. Carolus-Duran B. Carolus-Duran C. Carolus
In Greek mythology, Tiresias disclosed the crimes of who?  True:  Oedipus  pred:   A. Heracles B. Deucalion C. Theseus D. These
"""Holding Back the Years"", was a US No 1 hit record for which British pop group?"  True:  SIMPLY RED  pred:  Holding Back the Years"", was a US No 1 hit record for which
Followers of what cult leader committed mass suicide by drinking Flavor-Ade?  True:  Jim Jones  pred:   A. the New Aryan Nation B. the White Aryan Resistance C.
Benina international airport is in which country?  True:  Libya  pred:   1. 2. 3. 4. 5.
Which city is the headquarters of the Mormon church  True:  Salt Lake City  pred:  ?
A. Salt Lake City, Utah
B. Jerusalem, Israel
C
Who played the part of Tony Wilson in the film '24 Hour Party People'?  True:  STEVE COOGAN  pred:   Who played the part of Tony Wilson in the film '24 Hour Party People'?
Which type of fish is used to make an Arbroath Smokie?  True:  Haddock  pred:   1. What type of fish is used to make an Arbroath Sm
In Greek mythology, what was the name of the nymphs who tended the garden from where Heracles stole golden apples?  True:  Hesperides  pred:   1. What was the name of the nymphs who tended the garden from
The German company Recaro famously produces what high-performance product?  True:  Seats  pred:   1. 2. 3. 4. 5.
Gwyl San Steffan is the name for 26th December (St Stephen's Day or Boxing Day) in which country?  True:  Wales  pred:   1. What is the name of the Outer Hebrides? 2
Which legendary sunken land lies off the Isles of Scilly, to the south-west of Cornwall?  True:  Lyonesse  pred:   1. 1. What is the name of the legendary sunken land
In what year did Captain Matthew Webb become the first to swim the English Channel?  True:  1875  pred:   A. 1864 B. 1865 C. 1866 D
Which 'Smokey' Robinson hit took 'Japan' to number nine in 1982?  True:  'I SECOND THAT EMOTION'  pred:   1. 2. 3. 4. 5.
Whose portrait (apart from the Queen) appeared on the now defunct one pound note?  True:  ISAAC NEWTON  pred:    Cartoonist William Hogarth (1697-1764) was born in
In which part of the body will you find the 'Ligamentum nuchae'?  True:  The Neck  pred:   1. The ligamentum nuchae connects the body of the vert
Who founded the TV production company 'David Paradine Productions'?  True:  DAVID FROST  pred:   Who founded the TV production company 'David Paradine Productions'? Who founded the TV
"Which political philosopher wrote ""The Theory of Moral Sentiments"" and ""An Inquiry into the Nature and Causes of the Wealth of Nations""?"  True:  Adam Smith  pred:   1. 2. 3. 4. 5.
Which Scottish percussionist born in 1965 has been deaf since the age of 12?  True:  Evelyn Glennie  pred:   1. 2. 3. 4. 5.
What term describes a vertical stone bar separating the panes of a window, often found in Gothic architecture ?  True:  MULLION  pred:   A. windows B. windows C. windows D. windows
Please answer followed
What is in a human's thoracic cavity?  True:  Lungs  pred:   1. The parietal pleura 2. The visceral pleura
G-BOAG, G-BOAC, and F-BVFC and the tragic F-BTSC designated what iconic 20thC invention?  True:  Concorde  pred:   1. the first jet airliner 2. the Space Shuttle 3
What country is the world's largest producer of Tobacco?  True:  China  pred:   1. the United States 2. China 3. India 4
The popular 'Humming Chorus' comes from which Puccini opera?  True:  Madame Butterfly  pred:   1) La bohème 2) Tosca 3) Madama
US veterinary pathologist Daniel Salmon (1850-1914) oversaw the discovery of what, named eponymously?  True:  Salmonella  pred:   1. tabes dorsalis 2. influenza 3. influenza,
Who first hosted Family Feud?  True:  Richard Dawson  pred:   1. What is the title of Andrei Tarkovsky's film St
In which town is the Octagon Theatre?  True:  Bolton  pred:   1. What is the title of the film? 2. In which
Who in 1845, wrote the poem 'The Pied Piper of Hamlin'?  True:  ROBERTBROWNING  pred:   A. Barnaby Rudge B. Cranford C. Cranford D.
What claimed the life of singer Kathleen Ferrier?  True:  Cancer  pred:   1. Kathleen Ferrier was an English contralto
Please answer followed by
In which film does Dustin Hoffman play Enrico Salvatore (Ratso) Rizzo?  True:  MIDNIGHT COWBOY  pred:   A. Gone with the Wind B. It's a Wonderful Life C. It
"Which outdoor game is won by ""pegging out"  True:  Croquet  pred:  ?
6. Which outdoor game is won by "pegging out"?
7
First put on sale last week, Decision Points, currently ranked #1 in books on Amazon.com, is a memoir by what politician?  True:  George W. Bush  pred:   1. Obama 2. Bush 3. Reagan 4. Clinton
Which coral atoll, the largest island in the Chagos Archipelago, was forcibly depopulated in 1971 to make way for a joint UK/USA military base?  True:  DIEGO GARCIA  pred:   1. 2. 3. 4. 5.
What type of food dish is a ‘London Particular’?  True:  Soup  pred:   1. What type of food dish is a ‘London Particular’?
Which National Trail runs for 268 miles from Edale to Kirk Yetholm?  True:  Pennine Way  pred:   A. Pennine Way B. Pennine Bridleway C. Pennine
What is the term for the thousands of rocky or icy bodies orbiting the sun between Jupiter and Mars?  True:  Asteroid Belt  pred:   A. super-Earths B. mini-Neptunes C. mini
The home row for what keyboard layout is (from left to right) aoeuidhtbs-?  True:  Dvorak  pred:   1. What is the Anglican Church of Canada? 2. What
Which American played in his 10th Ryder Cup in 2014?  True:  PHIL MICKELSON  pred:   1. Rory McIlroy 2. Tiger Woods 3. Phil
In which European city is Kurtfurstendamm the main shopping street?  True:  BERLIN  pred:   1. Munich 2. Berlin 3. Amsterdam 4. Paris
Who was the Whig Prime Minister of Great Britain from 1835 to 1841?  True:  VISCOUNT MELBOURNE  pred:   A. Duke of Wellington B. Earl Grey C. Duke of Wellington D.
Who founded the 'London Philharmonic Orchestra' in 1931?  True:  Sir Thomas Beecham  pred:   A. Holst B. Adrian Boult C. Adrian Boult D.
Who became BBC Radio One Breakfast Show presenter in June 1973?  True:  Noel Edmonds  pred:   1. Who became BBC Radio One Breakfast Show presenter in June 1973
The lead singer of which band is known as Suggs?  True:  Madness  pred:   A. Pet Shop Boys B. East 17 C. Elvis Costello D
Name the year: The Macintosh is introduced, Louisiana hosted the last World’s Fair to be held in the US, Vanessa Williams resigns her Miss America crown, Band Aid records the song “Do They Know It’s Christmas” for famine relief, Union Carbide wipes out a good chunk of Bhopal, India  True:  1984  pred:  , Andrew Lloyd Webber’s The Phantom of the Opera opens on Broadway at the
In which river is the Boulder Dam?  True:  Colorado  pred:   A. Colorado River B. Colorado River C. Colorado River D. Colorado River
Who is the Greek God of War?  True:  ARES  pred:   What is the longest name in the world? What is the longest name in the
Following the break-up of The Beatles, what was the title of George Harrison's first solo album?  True:  All Things Must Pass  pred:   1. Revolver 2. Dark Horse 3. Dark Horse
In which English cathedral is the tomb of King John?  True:  Worcester  pred:   A. Canterbury Cathedral B. York Minster C. York Minster D.
Who did the British fight at the Battle of Rorke's Drift in 1879?  True:  Zulus  pred:   A. British soldiers B. Zulu warriors C. British soldiers and Zulu
O UGLY NINE is an anagram of which singer songwriter?  True:  Neil Young  pred:   1. What is the Anglicized form of the word Spontaneous?
Of all the rugby teams to have participated in the 2008- 2009 Guinness Premiership, which team is furthest west?  True:  BRISTOL  pred:   1 New Zealand 2 England 3 Wales 4 Ireland 5 Scotland
What product invented by Frederick Walton in 1864 became so widely used and 'stepped on' that the name became generic just 14 years after its invention?  True:  Linoleum  pred:   1. what product invented by Frederick Walton in 1864 became so widely
Chesney Allen formed a double act with which famous entertainer?  True:  Bud Flanagan  pred:   1. Who is the Roman goddess of the hearth? 2.
What was abolished by the Supreme Court in 1972, but reinstated in 1976?  True:  Death Penalty  pred:   2. What was abolished by the Supreme Court in 1972, but
Rolls Royce dashboards are traditionally finished in the veneer of which type of wood?  True:  Walnut  pred:   A. limba B. limba C. limba D. limba
Which Scottish University was established as the world's first Mechanics Institute in 1821 ?  True:  HERIOT-WATT  pred:   A. University of St Andrews B. University of Glasgow C. University of Edinburgh
'Baby Come Back' was a number one hit in 1968 for which group, founded by Eddy Grant?  True:  'THE EQUALS'  pred:   1. What is the title of the animated superhero Disney film released in
Which English novelist is best known for his Father Brown detective series?  True:  G K Chesterton  pred:   1. Hopkins 2. Borges 3. Borges 4
In which country was the inventor of the machine gun Hiram Maxim born?  True:  USA  pred:   A. USA B. UK C. France D. UK 2. What
Which Cricket county's ' Twenty / 20 ' team are known as the ' Foxes ' ?  True:  LEICESTERSHIRE  pred:   1) Middlesex 2) Surrey 3) Surrey 4)
Which British-American actress died on 23rd March 2011, aged 79?  True:  Elizabeth Taylor  pred:   1. 2. 3. 4. 5.
In 2009, who was convicted of the murder of Lana Clarkson?  True:  Phil Spector  pred:   A. O. J. Simpson B. O. J. Simpson C.
The flag of Libya is a plain rectangle of which color?  True:  Green  pred:   The flag of Libya is a plain rectangle of which color?
The flag of Libya
Ashton Carter, appointed USA Secretary of Defense in 2015, succeeded whom?  True:  Chuck Hagel  pred:   1. Beale 2. Robert Gates 3. Hillary Clinton
A footpad was a criminal from the 16th to 19th century but what term is used to describe them today?  True:  MUGGER  pred:   1. What term is used to describe a criminal from the 16th
Which British monarch founded the Yeomen of the Guard, originally as a royal bodyguard?  True:  Henry VII  pred:   A. William the Conqueror B. Edward the Confessor C. Harold
"In which old children's TV programme did the ""biggest spotty dog you ever did see"" feature?"  True:  THE WOODENTOPS  pred:   1. Tinky Winky 2. Paddington Bear 3.
Which Serbian football club is the only one from that country to win an UEFA completion?  True:  RED STAR BELGRADE  pred:   1. Red Star Belgrade 2. Partizan Belgrade
Which city in Saxony was known as Karl-Marx-Stadt from 1953 until 1990?  True:  CHEMNITZ  pred:   1) Dresden 2) Leipzig 3) Chemnitz 4
Robert Hubert was hanged for confessing to what?  True:  Starting the Great Fire  pred:   1. murder 2. arson 3. and forgery 4
Also known as the Roland Garros, what is the Grand Slam Tennis event that started this week on the clay courts?  True:  French Open  pred:   A. Australian Open B. French Open C. Wimbledon D. U.S.
What company's mascots include a gecko, a caveman, and a talking pile of money?  True:  Geico  pred:   1. What company's mascots include a gecko, a caveman
What author observed, "Any sufficiently advanced technology is indistinguishable from magic"?  True:  Arthur C. Clarke  pred:   1. What author observed, "Any sufficiently advanced technology is indistinguishable
Which literary character is the best known creation of the writer Earl Derr Biggers?  True:  CHARLIE CHAN  pred:   1. Dashiell Hammett 2. Herman Melville
Babaotai Chuanwen refers to the so-called 'Eight (what?) Scandal' in Chinese news, Feb 2012?  True:  Baby  pred:   1. The Ahmadiyya Muslim Community believes Confucianism
In the US television show ‘The Sopranos’, which country permanently banned Janice Soprano from entering after putting her on an Unwanted Persons list?  True:  Canada  pred:   A. Australia B. United Kingdom C. United States D. None of the
The rules for what card game state: A standard 52 card deck is used, with the cards in each suit ranking as usual from ace (high) down to two (low). Each heart is worth one penalty point and the queen of spades is worth 13 penalty points. The other cards have no value. The object is to avoid scoring points. On the first hand after a deal, each player any 3 cards to the person to their left. On the second hand, cards are passed to the right, across on the third hand, and no cards are passed on the fourth. The cycle continues. The person who holds the 2 of clubs must lead the first trick. The game continues until a player has scored 100 points.  True:  Hearts  pred:   The winner is the player with the most points at the end of the game.

Who wrote 'The Legend Of Sleepy Hollow'?  True:  WASHINGTON IRVING  pred:   What is the cause of the Cowardly Lion in The Wizard of Oz?
Sardinian, Cetti’s and Dartford are among varieties of which bird?  True:  Warbler  pred:   1. What is the old name of Europeans? 2. What is
In 1932 Margaret Kelly founded which famous all-female dancing troupe?  True:  The Bluebell Girls  pred:   1. Except Australia 2. Except UK 3. Except USA
What public school did the Duke of Edinburgh and Prince Charles attend?  True:  Gordonston  pred:   1. What public school did the Duke of Edinburgh and Prince Charles attend?
Who was the 8th President of the United States from 1837- 1841?  True:  MARTIN VAN BUREN  pred:   A. Andrew Jackson B. Martin Van Buren C. William Henry Harrison D
“Instrument for measuring the humidity of air or gas.” A definition of what?  True:  HYGROMETER  pred:   1. The motions of particles in a gas is understood by (a)
The invention of what in 1867, made Alfred Nobel famous?  True:  Dynamite  pred:   1. what was the invention of what in 1867? 2
Which 85 year old former MP is the only female member of the Order of Merit?  True:  BETTY BOOTHROYD  pred:   1. Queen Elizabeth II 2. The Duke of Edinburgh 3.
In the 1950s which tennis player entered the Wimbledon Ladies Singles three times winning oh each occasion?  True:  Maureen Connolly  pred:   1. Maureen Connolly 2. Darlene Hard 3.
Neal Foulds, John Dunning and Mark Williams are associated with which sport?  True:  Snooker  pred:   1. Sport 2. European Football 3. Cricket 4.
Who was the defending champion when Martina Navratilova first won Wimbledon singles?  True:  Virginia Wade  pred:   1.Note: From 1977 to 1985, the Australian
Which motorway links Coventry to Leicester?  True:  M69  pred:   1. the M1 2. the M6 3. the
What is the final event in a decathlon?  True:  1500 metres  pred:   1. 2. 3. 4. 5.
What is the name of the drunken robot in the TV series Futurama?  True:  BENDER  pred:   What is the name of the drunken robot in the TV series Futurama?

What is the US state capital of Louisiana?  True:  Baton Rouge  pred:   1. 2. 3. 4. 5.
Who won the 2010 Giro D'Italia?  True:  Ivan Basso  pred:   Who won the 2010 Tour de France? Who won the 2010
Edward Stanley served three terms as Prime Minister in the 19th century, he was known by what title?  True:  Earl of Derby  pred:   1. 2. 3. 4. 5.
Which British king married Mary of Teck?  True:  GEORGE V  pred:   1. Under common law, it is illegal to disseminate online material that
In 'Scarface' which character was played by Al Pacino?  True:  Tony Montana  pred:   A. Tony Montana B. Tony Montana C. Tony Montana D. Tony Montana
Jupiter ; Saturn and Uranus are three of the so-called ' gas giants ' in our Solar System: what is the fourth ?  True:  NEPTUNE  pred:   A. Mercury B. Venus C. Earth D. Mars E. Jupiter
What is the name used in North America for a man who makes his living by felling trees?  True:  Lumberjack  pred:   1. What is the name used in North America for a man who makes
The Nullarbor Plain is in which country?  True:  Australia  pred:   1. America 2. Australia 3. New Zealand 4.
The fictional country of the Republic of Elbonia, supposedly somewhere in the former Soviet bloc, is featured in which comic strip?  True:  Dilbert  pred:   Hint: Its name is a play on The Wizard of Oz, combined with the
Which British-American actress died on 23rd March 2011, aged 79?  True:  Elizabeth Taylor  pred:   1. 2. 3. 4. 5.
Lasting from 1299 to 1922, the Ottoman empire roughly corresponds to what modern day country?  True:  Turkey  pred:   1. 2. 3. 4. 5.
"Written and first recorded in 1937, ""One O'Clock Jump"" became the theme tune of which orchestra?"  True:  COUNT BASIE ORCHESTRA  pred:   1. Who is the Roman goddess of the hearth and home?
What type of bird was the first released by Noah?  True:  Raven  pred:   A. The barn owl B. The barn owl C. The barn owl D
Hans Holbein the Younger was court painter to which English monarch?  True:  Henry VIII  pred:   A. Henry VIII B. Edward VI C. Mary I D. Elizabeth I
The rotator cuff is a group of muscles and tendons that act to stabilize which part of the body?  True:  Shoulder  pred:   A. shoulder. B. elbow. C. wrist. D. wrist and
"What purple berry from South America has been promoted as a ""superfood""?"  True:  Açaí berry  pred:   1. impatiens 2. squirting cucumber 3. squir
Lutra lutra is the Latin name of which British mammal?  True:  Otter  pred:   1. Sage, thyme, rosemary, and marjoram are
What name is given to a positive whole number that can only be divided by 1 or itself?  True:  Prime  pred:   1. 2. 3. 4. 5.
Who wrote the 1930’s novel ‘Tender is the Night’?  True:  F. Scott Fitzgerald  pred:   1. F. Scott Fitzgerald 2. Ernest Hemingway 3
What was the Spice Girls' debut single called?  True:  Wannabee  pred:   1. "Wannabe" 2. "Spice Up Your
According to the film Gremlins, if you are looking after a Gremlin you should not feed him after midnight, not get him wet and not expose him to what?  True:  Bright Light  pred:   A. the sun B. the moon C. the stars D. the sky
Bithynia was an ancient province on which sea?  True:  BLACK SEA  pred:   1. Bithynia was an ancient province on which sea?
Which Frenchman was the founder of the modern games?  True:  Baron de Coubertin  pred:   1) Etienne Lenoir 2) JeanPierre Blanchard
"What is the meaning of the word ""furrow""?"  True:  Narrow trench  pred:   1) 2) 3) 4) 5)
In what decade was Darwin's 'On the Origin of Species' first published?  True:  1850s  pred:   A. 1871 B. 1872 C. 1873 D
In which English town or city is Her Majesty's Prison Foston Hall?  True:  Derby  pred:   A. Woolwich B. Glasgow C. Glasgow D. Crumlin

Which 'Regal' male singer provided the half-time entertainment for the 2007 Superbowl?  True:  Prince  pred:   1. Beyonce 2. The Black Eyed Peas 3
Which island group became known as The Friendly Islands?  True:  Tonga  pred:   A. Cook Islands B. Melanesia C. Micronesia D.
Which is the sixth book of the New Testament, following Acts?  True:  EPISTLE TO THE ROMANS  pred:   A. the Gospel of Luke B. the Gospel of John C. the Gospel
What hero from Greek mythology was killed by a discus thrown by Apollo, who then named a flower after him, made from his spilled blood?  True:  Hyacinth  pred:   1. Athena 2. Ajax 3. Achilles 4. Ajax
In the nursery rhyme, which was the last creature eaten by the woman who swallowed a fly?  True:  A Horse  pred:   A. the eagle B. the serpent C. the toad D. the
Which branch of the US federal police, the oldest, is charged with court security, prisoner transport, serving arrest warrants and seeking fugitives?  True:  US Marshals Service  pred:   A. the Federal Bureau of Prisons B. the Federal Bureau of Investigation C
Which cricketer holds the record of taking the most wickets in Test Matches for England?  True:  IAN BOTHAM  pred:   1. Stuart Broad 2. Stuart Broad 3. Stuart Broad
What was the name of the operation whereby 1,373 U.S. citizens and 5,595 Vietnamese and foreign nationals were evacuated from the South Vietnamese capital of Saigon on 29 and 30 April 1975?  True:  Operation Frequent Wind  pred:   1. the fall of Saigon 2. the fall of Saigon
What national capital is less than 100 kilometers from Tallinn?  True:  Helsinki  pred:   1. 2. 3. 4. 5.
What did Charles D. Barrow of Pennsylvania devise in 1934 and then sell to the Parker Bros. organisation?  True:  'MONOPOLY'  pred:   1. 2. 3. 4. 5.
Noel Coward died in 1973. In which country?  True:  Jamaica  pred:   A. United States B. United Kingdom C. United States of America D.
What naturalist’s quest to save Rwandan gorillas from poaching was made into the 1988 Academy Award-nominated film “Gorillas in the Mist”?  True:  Dian Fossey  pred:    Cartoonists associated with The New Yorker, the New York Times, and Pete
American Jazz musician John Coltrane is famous for playing which instrument?  True:  Saxophone  pred:   A. tenor saxophone B. alto saxophone C. baritone sax
What name was given to a series of thirty evening radio speeches given by US President Franklin D. Roosevelt in 1933 and 1944?  True:  Fireside chats  pred:   1. New Deal 2. New Deal 3. New Deal
Which battle of 1897 brought Anglo-Egyptian control of Sudan?  True:  Omdurman  pred:   A. Omdurman B. Omdurman C. Omd
What is classed as the Blue Riband of the Henley Regatta  True:  Diamond Sculls  pred:  ?
A. The Head of the River
B. The Head of the River
The fictitious South American city/country El Dorado was abundant with?  True:  Gold  pred:   1. one of the most beautiful landscapes in the world. 2.
What type of bridge was used to bring water to Roman cities?  True:  Aqueduct  pred:   A. arches B. arches C. arches D. arches
Charcot-Marie-Tooth disease is an inherited muscle wasting disease affecting which part of the body?  True:  The legs  pred:   1. hands and feet 2. lower legs and feet 3.
Which group had a number one hit in July 2010 with 'The Club Is Alive'?  True:  'JLS'  pred:   A. Black Eyed Peas B. Jamie Foxx C. Jamie Fo
What is the Japanese share index called?  True:  Nikkei  pred:   1. 2. 3. 4. 5.
Name the Greek equivalent to the Roman goddess, Diana?  True:  ARTEMIS  pred:   A. Artemis B. Aphrodite C. Artemis D. Artem
What is the second biggest city in the UK?  True:  Birmingham  pred:   1. 2. 3. 4. 5.
Which seabird that ranges widely in the Southern Ocean and the North Pacific has the largest wingspan of any existing birds?  True:  Albatross  pred:   1. seagulls 2. seagulls 3. se
In which town or city were most of the Bowie knives made  True:  Sheffield  pred:  ? 1. 2. 3. 4. 5.
Which 1989 music video of Madonna attracted criticism for showing images like her making love to Saint Martin de Porres, use of Catholic iconography including a scene where she develops stigmata as well as cross burning?  True:  """Like a Prayer"""  pred:   1. Madonna on the cover of the National Enquirer) 2.
The Philippines has 7,107 islands, which other Asian country is an archipelago of 17,504 islands?  True:  Indonesia  pred:   A. Kiribati B.         C.         D. Kiribati
Robert Walden Cassotto achieved fame under what name?  True:  BOBBY DARIN  pred:    Cartoonist Will Eisner was born on February 5, 1917
Who co-starred with George Clooney in the 2013 movie Gravity?  True:  Sandra Bullock  pred:   A. Corey Stoll B. Sandra Bullock C. George Clooney D
Which English town is known for its collection of concrete cows?  True:  Milton Keynes  pred:   1. 2. 3. 4. 5.
Babel Fish is an icon/metaphor/brand for instantaneous what?  True:  Translation  pred:   1. 2. 3. 4. 5.
What would a polyandric woman have more than one of?  True:  HUSBAND  pred:   1. Sage, thyme, rosemary, and marjoram are
"Which island is/was politically divided by the ""Attilla Line""?"  True:  CYPRUS  pred:   1. Nakhon Ratchasima 2. Yala
Lupine relates to which animal?  True:  Wolf  pred:   1. 2. 3. 4. 5.
What is the name of the life-size plastic dummies in the television series Doctor Who, the first of which arrived on Earth in hollow plastic meteorites with deadly weapons concealed in their hands?  True:  Autons  pred:   1. What is the name of the life-size plastic dummies in the
Creme Anglaise is the French version of which English dessert item?  True:  Custard  pred:   1. What is the Anglicized-Spanish word for criticise?
At which castle was Mary Queen of Scots beheaded?  True:  Fotheringhay  pred:   1. Stirling Castle 2. Dunfermline Abbey 3
What was bandleader Joe Loss's signature tune  True:  In The Mood  pred:  ? 2. What was bandleader Bix Beiderbecke's
Which 20th century British prime minister had the longest surname ?  True:  CAMPBELL-BANNERMAN  pred:   A. David Lloyd George B. Neville Chamberlain C. Winston Churchill D.
What is footballer Ryan Giggs real surname?  True:  Wilson  pred:   1. What is footballer Ryan Giggs real name? 2.
Which Latin word is used for a recess in a church wall containing a basin for washing holy vessels?  True:  PISCINA  pred:   1. 2. 3. 4. 5.
What is the opposite of an acid?  True:  a Base  pred:   A. a base B. a base C. a base D. a base
On what river is the city of Norwich  True:  Wensum  pred:   located?
A. River Humber
B. River Nene
C.
Shire, Arabian, Mustang, and Hackney are types of?  True:  Horse  pred:   1. What is the old English word for 'farmer'? 2
A ‘gricer’ is a slang term for a what?  True:  TRAINSPOTTER  pred:   1. 2. 3. 4. 5.
Name Microsoft's hands-free gaming system launched in June 2010, a made-up word alluding to joining?  True:  Kinect  pred:   1. Microsoft's hands-free gaming system launched in June 2010,
Founded in London in 1844 by George Williams, which organisation was established to provide low cost housing in a safe environment?  True:  YMCA  pred:   1. What was the Chartist movement? 2. What was the
Alphabetically which is the last book of the Old Testament?  True:  ZEPHANIAH  pred:   A. The Book of Esther B. The Book of Esther C. The Book
True or false a bird had more neck bones than a giraffe  True:  True  pred:  . 1. True 2. False 3. True 4.
"From which Beatles song do the following lyrics come, ""Nothing's going to change my world""?"  True:  'ACROSS THE UNIVERSE'  pred:   1. Say Yes" 2.Back in the U.S.S.R
Which Radio 2 DJ christened ‘Dallas’ character Lucy Ewing ‘The Poison Dwarf’?  True:  Terry Wogan  pred:   1. What was the Christian name of Lucy Ewing? 2.
What is the result of raising any number to the power of zero?  True:  1  pred:   What is the result of raising any number to the power of zero? 1
What is measured by a Hygrometer?  True:  Humidity  pred:   1. What is measured by a mercury thermometer? 2. What is
Who was the only Prime Minister of Britain to be assassinated?  True:  Spencer Percival  pred:   Who was the only Prime Minister of the United States to be assassinated? Who
Composer Giacomo Puccini died leaving which opera unfinished?  True:  Turandot  pred:   A. Tosca B. Madama Butterfly C. Turandot D.
A group of which fish is called a Lap?  True:  Cod  pred:   A Muscovy duck is a type of duck domesticated from the Muscov
The port of Mocha is in which country?  True:  Yemen  pred:   1. 2. 3. 4. 5.
Bonar Law is the only Prime Minister not born in the UK. In which country was he born?  True:  Canada  pred:   1. Page 1 of 1 Start over Page 1 of
In 'Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone' what is the name of the three-headed dog provided by 'Hagrid' to guard the trapdoor leading to the chamber where the stone was kept?  True:  'FLUFFY'  pred:   A. Rubeus Hagrid B. Rubeus Hagrid C.
Who killed Lee harvey Oswald?  True:  Jack Ruby  pred:   A. the FBI B. the CIA C. the FBI and the CIA D
In which country are the wine areas of Suhindol and Thrace?  True:  Bulgaria  pred:   1. 2. 3. 4. 5.
The second act, set in the Land of Sweets, of which ballet by Tchaikovsky includes the Dance of the Reed Flutes?  True:  THE NUTCRACKER SUITE  pred:   1. What is the title of the scene in particular? 2.
Which bird was the emblem of Prussia?  True:  EAGLE  pred:   A. The petrel B. The petrel C. The petrel D
A wisp or walk is the collective noun for which group of birds? Latin name gallinago gallinago.  True:  Snipe  pred:   What is the Anglicized-Spanish form of the word cimarron
Which South Wales town was formed when Margam and Aberavon combined in the 1920s?  True:  PORT TALBOT  pred:   A. Mumbles B. Mumbles C. Mumbles D. Mumbles
In Norse mythology, who was best known for carrying a hammer?  True:  Thor  pred:   A. Thor B. Thor C. Thor D. Thor
Please answer followed
Which is the largest of the United Arab Emirates?  True:  Abu Dhabi  pred:   1. Abu Dhabi 2. Dubai 3. Sharjah 4
‘Back to Bedlam’ was the debut album for which British singer?  True:  James Blunt  pred:   1. What is the title of the animated film released in 2010
Sandra Bullock won this year's 'Oscar' for Best Actress for her role as 'Leigh Anne Tuohy', in which film?  True:  'THE BLIND SIDE'  pred:   1. Lord of the Rings 2. Cool Runnings 3.
Which 20th Century U.S. President was a Peanut Farmer?  True:  JIMMY CARTER  pred:   1. Harry S. Truman 2. Dwight D. Eisenhower 3
The axilla is the anatomical name for which part of the body?  True:  Armpit  pred:   1. and 2. and 3. and 4. and
Beers called Budweiser are named after a city of which modern nation?  True:  Czech Republic  pred:   1. What is the old name of the equator? 2.
Who was elected US President in November 2012?  True:  Barack Obama  pred:   1. Barack Obama 2. Mitt Romney 3. Rick Santorum
Gary Busey played which pop star in a 1978 film?  True:  Buddy Holly  pred:   1. Except Australia 2. Except Vatican City 3. Except Vatican
Which band released the albums Sheer Heart Attack and A Day at the Races?  True:  Queen  pred:   1. Aug 11, 2016 - Aug 11,
What was the occupation of St Peter, the leader of the Apostles?  True:  Fisherman  pred:   1. What was the occupation of St Peter, the leader of the Apost
In which street did the Great Fire of London originate  True:  Pudding Lane  pred:  ?
The Great Fire of London broke out on 2 September 1666 in
‘Impossible is nothing’ is the motto of which sportswear company?  True:  Adidas  pred:   (a) Nike (b) Adidas (c) Reebok (d
The town of Honiton in Devon is famous for producing what?  True:  Lace  pred:   A Muscovy-duck anywhere else in the world? Sage, thyme
On which island does a narrow gauge railway run from Craignure to Torosay Castle?  True:  Mull  pred:   6. What is the title of Jeanne d'Arc's study of
What dramatically fictionalised king actually ruled the Scots 1040-57?  True:  Macbeth  pred:   A. David I B. David II C. David III D.Domn
What was the surname of the woman who was the inspiration behind the Rolling Stones song Angie?  True:  Bowie  pred:   1. What was the surname of the woman who was the inspiration behind the
The 1938 work The Black Jacobins by C. L. R. James is an account of what upheaval that took place between 1791 and 1804?  True:  Haitian revolution  pred:   1. The Black Jacobins: Toussaint L'Ouverture and
In the game of Cluedo, what colour is the piece that represents Mrs Peacock?  True:  Blue  pred:   1. What colour is the piece that represents Poirot? 2
Which are the only mammals to have wings?  True:  Bats  pred:   1. horses 2. cats 3. cats and horses 4
For a point each, name the 4 countries surrounding Belgium.  True:  France, Germany, Luxembourg, and the Netherlands  pred:   1. United Kingdom 2. France 3. Germany 4.
Also known as the Roland Garros, what is the Grand Slam Tennis event that started this week on the clay courts?  True:  French Open  pred:   A. Australian Open B. French Open C. Wimbledon D. U.S.
"""84 Charing Cross Road"" is a book based on 20 years of correspondence between which New York writer and Frank Doel, an antiquarian bookseller in London?"  True:  Helene Hanff  pred:  84 Charing Cross Road"" is a book based on 20 years of correspondence
Sanskrit is an ancient language of which modern day country?  True:  India  pred:   EPHESIANS 5:19 It is no longer I who live
"What has been described as the ""fifth"" taste, after sweet, sour, bitter, and salty?"  True:  Umami  pred:   1. salty 2. sour 3. sweet 4. bitter
In the 1994 Cash for Questions affair, in which the Guardian exposed two Tory MPs taking payments from Mohamed Al-Fayed, who was the MP for Beaconsfield implicated?  True:  Tim Smith  pred:   1. La Niña is the counterpart of El Niño, and the
In which race did Zola Budd and Mary Decker famously collide at the 1984 Olympics?  True:  3000 metres  pred:   1. USA 2. South Africa 3. UK 4.
The Picts were an ancient tribe of people occupying what country in Roman times?  True:  Scotland  pred:   1. 2. 3. 4. 5.
Dageurreotype/dageurrotype is a mid-1800s form of?  True:  Photograph  pred:   1. his attempts to improve his art. 2. his attempts to
Who wrote the Buddy Holly hit 'It Doesn't Matter Anymore'?  True:  PAUL ANKA  pred:   Who wrote the Buddy Holly hit 'It Doesn't Matter Anymore'?
Who was the first Briton to hold a world javelin record  True:  Fatima Whitbread  pred:  ? 1. Who was the first Briton to hold a world javelin
Tommy Bolin, who died of a heroin overdose in 1976, was the lead guitarist with which group?  True:  DEEP PURPLE  pred:   1. Led Zeppelin 2. The Jeff Beck Group 3.
In relation to phobias what word describes the fear of strangers or foreigners?  True:  XENOPHOBIA  pred:   1. 2. 3. 4. 5.
Which river is most sacred to the Hindu religion?  True:  Ganges  pred:   A. Ganga B. Godavari C. Godavari D.
What type of acid is extracted from the juice of lemons, oranges, limes, and grapefruit?  True:  Citric acid  pred:   1. What type of acid is extracted from the juice of lemons,
The UEFA (Union of European Football Associations) was founded in which European country in 1954?  True:  Switzerland  pred:   1. 2. 3. 4. 5.
In which film did Kenneth Williams say infamy infamy they've all got it in for me?  True:  CARRY ON CLEO  pred:   In which film did Kenneth Williams say infamy infamy they've all got it
The Canary Islands are named after what animal?  True:  Dog  pred:   A. monk seal B. monk seal C. bird D. monk seal
Who wrote the 1963 novel ‘The Spy Who Came in From the Cold’?  True:  John Le Carre  pred:   1. What is the title of the novel? 2. What is
On which river are the Victoria Falls?  True:  Zambezi  pred:   (a) Zambezi (b) Limpopo (c) river
Who played Detective Sergeant Trotter in the original 1952 West End cast of The Mousetrap?  True:  Richard Attenborough  pred:   1. What was the name of the car of Hercule Poirot
'The Deep' is an aquarium at the confluence of which river with the Humber Estuary?  True:  (River) HULL  pred:   A. River Humber B. River Humber C. River Humber D
Who killed Jean Paul Marat?  True:  Charlotte Corday  pred:   A. Marquis de Lafayette B. Marquis de Sade C. Mar
What is the family home of the Spencer family for over 500 years?  True:  Althorp  pred:   1. What is the family home of the Spencer family for over 500
What is a 'Judogi' used for?  True:  A Judogi is the formal Japanese name for the traditional uniform used for Judo practice and competition  pred:   What is a 'Judogi' used for?
Please answer followed by the rationale
Colchester stands on which river? The river shares its name with a Lancashire town.  True:  Colne  pred:   What is the name of the actual river near Colchester? The actual river is
Which organization launched the Firefox smartphone operating system in 2013, targeting the developing world?  True:  Mozilla  pred:   1.Google 2.Dell 3.Google 4.Dell
‘Back to Bedlam’ was the debut album for which British singer?  True:  James Blunt  pred:   1. What is the title of the animated film released in 2010
What dance craze was named after a city in South Carolina?  True:  The Charleston  pred:   1. What dance craze was named after a city in South Carolina?
Which UK television chef made Earl Grey and mandarin hot cross buns for Waitrose?  True:  Heston Blumenthal  pred:   A. Theresa May B. Theresa May C. Theresa May D. Theresa May
What are the table-top mountains found in the Guiana Highlands of South America (especially Venezuela) that inspired Arthur Conan Doyle's The Lost World and also appear prominently in the landscapes of the Pixar hit Up?  True:  Tepuis  pred:   1. What are the table-top mountains found in the Guiana Highlands of
Which brand of beer does Homer Simpson drink regularly?  True:  Duff  pred:   1. Budweiser 2. Coors Light 3. Miller
"Which city was the target of the first ""Thousand Bomber Raid"" on May 30th/31st 1942?"  True:  Cologne  pred:   1. Winnipeg, Manitoba 2. Coventry, England 3.
Whose fifth symphony is known as “The Reformation”?  True:  Felix Mendelssohn  pred:    Cartoonist Will Eisner was born in Kansas City, Missouri, in
What parliamentary seat was not contested on 6 May in the UK general election due to the pre-election death of a candidate?  True:  Thirsk and Malton  pred:   1. 2. 3. 4. 5.
Which car company produces a model called Eos?  True:  Volkswagen  pred:   A.Volkswagen
Please answer followed by the rationale. Which car company
In September 1645 after the surrender of which city, was Prince Rupert dismissed by Charles I?  True:  Bristol  pred:   1. 2. 3. 4. 5.
September 23, 1939 saw the death of what famed neurologist, best known for founding the field of psychoanalysis?  True:  Sigmund Freud  pred:   past sixty years, Josef Breuer (1856-1925) was the
Saint Therese is associated with which town?  True:  Lisieux  pred:   1. 2. 3. 4. 5.
What became the last city on earth to experience the horror of a nuclear bomb when the B-29 Bockscar devastated what Japanese city on August 9, 1945?  True:  Nagasaki  pred:   1. Nagasaki 2. Hiroshima 3. Nagasaki
In which sport is the Vince Lombardi awarded?  True:  American Football  pred:   1. freestyle wrestling 2. freestyle wrestling 3. fre
The name of which chemical element, with the symbol 'Tc', is derived from the Greek for 'artificial'?  True:  TECHNETIUM  pred:   1. What is the name of the 118th element in the periodic
When was basketball invented: 17th, 18th or 19th century?  True:  19th century  pred:   A. 17th century B. 18th century C. 19
"Who wrote the poem ""Daffodils""?"  True:  William Wordsworth  pred:   1. William Wordsworth 2. Samuel Taylor Coleridge 3
"The men's aftershaves or colognes ""Encounter"" and ""Euphoria"" are marketed under which perfume company's name?"  True:  Calvin Klein  pred:   1., 2. 3. 4. 5.
Which composer was married to Clara Wieck from 1840 until his death in 1856?  True:  ROBERT SCHUMANN  pred:   1. Mendelssohn 2. Lortzing 3.
The announcement came in November 1978 that which member of the 'Royal Family' was to join the armed forces?  True:  PRINCE ANDREW  pred:   1. Prince Charles 2. Prince Andrew 3. Prince Edward
Name the year - Norfolk farmer Tony Martin shootsand kills a 16 year old burglar in his farmhouse, UK fuel protesters almost bring the country to a standstill and Paula Yates and Robin Day both sadly die ?  True:  2000  pred:   1. What is the title of this article? 2. What is
In musical terminology, what word describes sliding between two notes?  True:  GLISSANDO  pred:   A. staccato B. staccato C. staccato D
What is the Christian service or ceremony, named from Greek meaning grateful, commemorating the Last Supper?  True:  Eucharist  pred:    Cartoonist Will Eisner was born in Kansas City, Missouri, in
Who was assassinated in 1968 in the Ambassador Hotel in Los Angeles?  True:  Robert Kennedy  pred:   1. Martin Luther King, Jr. 2. Robert F. Kennedy
What Pakistani river valley was home to one of the world's most advanced civilizations in 2000 BC?  True:  Indus Valley  pred:   A. Indus B. Indus C. Indus D. Indus
Which woman was the singer with Big Brother and the Holding Company?  True:  Janis Joplin  pred:   1. Janis Joplin 2. Joan Baez
In which European city was the 1968 Eurovision Song Contest held?  True:  London  pred:   1. Jamaica 2. Brighton and Hove Albion 3.
The Khyber Pass is approximately how many miles long?  True:  33 Miles  pred:   A. 64 miles B. 18 miles C. 10 miles D
Between 1987 and 2006, Ratu Sir Kamisese Mara, Commodore Frank Bainimarama, Mahendra Chaudhry, Laisenia Qarase, Lieutenant Colonel Sitiveni Rabuka, George Speight and Ratu Josefa Iloilo were involved in the politics of which country?  True:  Fiji  pred:   1. Fiji 2. Solomon Islands 3. Tonga 4
June 2, 2004 saw the beginning of the streak in which what Edmonds, WA native won 74 consecutive games on Jeopardy?  True:  Ken Jennings  pred:   1. What is the title of Andrei Tarkovsky's film St
Which Shakespeare play centres around a novice nun called 'Isabella' whosebrother is to be executed unless she succumbs to the attentions of 'Angelo'?  True:  'MEASURE FOR MEASURE'  pred:   1. Romeo and Juliet 2. Julius Caesar 3. Hamlet
Eddie, Lou, and Clancy are the face of law and order on what long running tv show?  True:  The Simpsons  pred:   A. Law and Order B. Law and Order: SVU C. Law
How is the American singer Anna Mae Bullock better known?  True:  Tina Turner  pred:   1. What is the name of the last US president? 2.
August 6, 1912 saw formation of The Bull Moose Party, with what total bad assed at the lead?  True:  Teddy Roosevelt  pred:   1. Page 1 of 1 Start over Page 1 of
Who was the author of 'Daniel Deronda' published in 1876?  True:  GEORGE ELIOT  pred:   A. George Eliot B. Jane Austen C. Rudyard Kipl
"Which American President used the slogan: ""It's the economy, stupid"" for his presidential campaign?"  True:  BILL CLINTON  pred:   1. Ronald Reagan 2. Bill Clinton 3. George W.
"In the TV version of ""The Odd Couple"", the part of Felix Ungar was played by Tony Randall. Which actor played the part in the original 1968 film?"  True:  JACK LEMMON  pred:   1. Zero Mostel 2. Jack Klugman 3.
What is a commmon name for the United Nations peacekeeping forces?  True:  Blue Berets  pred:   A. UNDOF B. UNIFIL C. UNIFIL D
Hircine refers to being like or related to what creature?  True:  Goat  pred:   1. Hircine is a terrifying cross between a Golden Retriever
In which sport in Britain is the 'Elite League' the top division, with teams such as 'Coventry Bees' and 'Poole Pirates'?  True:  SPEEDWAY  pred:   1. What was the name of Zaire's motto? 2.
What name is given to belief in more than one god?  True:  POLYTHEISM  pred:   A. polytheism B. atheism C. monotheism D.
Where sitting on his suitcase was Paddington bear found ?  True:  Paddington Station  pred:   1. La Niña 2. El Niño 3. seasonal
Which literary location did John Jarndyce own?  True:  Bleak House  pred:   1. 2. 3. 4. 5.
Of which US state is Springfield the capital?  True:  Illinois  pred:   1. What is the capital of Kansas? 2. What is the
RAF Lakenheath is situated in which English county?  True:  SUFFOLK  pred:   6. What is the title of Jean Rhys' debut novel?
Which former British PM was christened “Grocer” by Private Eye?  True:  Edward Heath  pred:   6. What was the name of the head of the Royal family in
What French region's capital city is Ajaccio?  True:  Corsica  pred:   1. 1. What is the capital of France? 2.
Which Spanish soup containing onions, tomatoes, peppers and cucumbers and traditionally thickened with stale breadcrumbs is always served cold ?  True:  GAZPACHO  pred:   A. gazpacho B. gazpacho C. gazpacho D
Blue Gum and Ironbark are species of which genus of Australian tree?  True:  Eucalyptus  pred:   A. Eucalyptus B. Eucalyptus C.
What island country lies off the southeast tip of India?  True:  Sri Lanka  pred:   1. India 2. Indonesia 3. Sri Lanka 4.
The Hotel Matignon is the official residence of the Prime Minister of which European country?  True:  France  pred:   A. Sweden B. Japan C. France D. Soviet Union
6.
in which US State is the Chambers Bay Course, the venue for the 2015 US Open Golf Championship?  True:  Washington  pred:   A. Lancaster B. Ellis Island C.Salt Lake City D. Santa Monica
Who was the last woman hanged in Britain  True:  Ruth Ellis  pred:  ?
Please answer followed by the rationale. Who was the last woman hanged in
Who wrote the Thursday Next books?  True:  Jasper Fforde  pred:   1.Henning Mankell 2.Doris Lessing 3
"To what was Wordsworth referring when he wrote, ""Shall I call thee bird, or but a wandering voice?"  True:  THE CUCKOO  pred:  "
Please answer followed by the rationale. "To what was Wordsworth referring when
In Roman mythology, on which part of the body were talaria worn?  True:  Feet  pred:   A. leg B. foot C. leg and foot D. foot and leg
Who wrote the songs for the musical Top Hat?  True:  Irving Berlin  pred:   1. Who wrote the songs for the musical Pins and Needles?
Oil seed rape belongs to which plant family?  True:  Mustard  pred:   A. Brassicaceae B. Brassicaceae C. Brassicaceae D
What is the plural of Winklevoss?  True:  Winklevii  pred:   1. What is the plural of Winklevoss? 1.
What is the common name for the perennial-flowering houseplant, 'Saintpaulia'?  True:  AFRICAN VIOLET  pred:   1. 1. 1. 1. 1.
On which island in the North Sea did both St Aidan and St Cuthbert live?  True:  LINDISFARNE  pred:   A. Lindisfarne B. Lindisfarne C. Lindis
A kittel, or kitl, is what, traditionally worn by male Jews?  True:  Burial shroud  pred:    Cartoonist is a person who specializes in drawing cartoons, also known as comic
By what name did Samuel Langhorne Clemens publish his novels under?  True:  Mark Twain  pred:   A. Mark Twain B. Mark Twain C. Mark Twain D
Which London river, now flowing underground, rises in Hampstead, flows through St. Pancras, down Farringdon Street and enters the Thames by Blackfriars Bridge?  True:  River Fleet  pred:   A. Thames B. Fleet C. Regent's Canal D. Grand Union
What country has the largest Muslim population?  True:  Indonesia  pred:   1. United States 2. Indonesia 3. Pakistan 4.
The Western Roll is a technique used in which track and field athletics event?  True:  High Jump  pred:   1. Aquatic swimming

The Western Roll is a technique used in which
Which US TV series of the 1960's starring Ray Walston as 'Uncle Martin' and Bill Bixby, was remade in 1999 as a film starring Christopher Lloyd and Jeff Daniels?  True:  'MY FAVORITE MARTIAN'  pred:   1. National Lampoon's Christmas Vacation 2. National Lampoon's
What is the most popular natural attraction in Alaska?  True:  Mount McKinley  pred:   1. Northern Lights 2. Northern Lights 3. Northern Lights
"Which 1968 book by Richard Hooker begins ""When Radar O'Reilly, just out of high school left Ottumwa, Iowa and enlisted in the United States Army...""?"  True:  'M.A.S.H.'  pred:   1. Richard Hooker
Please answer followed by the rationale. "Which
Madeleine Allbright was appointed by Bill Clinton as the USA's first woman to hold what position?  True:  Secretary of State  pred:   1. Secretary of State 2. Secretary of the Treasury 3.
Who bought Donington Park’s Dunlop Bridge at a memorabilia auction?  True:  Chris Evans  pred:   1. What was the name of Zaire’s vice president? 2
Who invented the mercury thermometer in 1714?  True:  Gabriel Farenheit  pred:   A. Robert Boyle B. Robert Hooke C. John Wilkins D.
Which edifice in London was immortalised in poetry by Wordsworth in 1802 and in a painting by Canaletto in 1746?  True:  Westminster Bridge  pred:   1. the National Gallery 2. the National Portrait Gallery 3.
In ‘Dad’s Army’, what was the surname of the air-raid warden?  True:  HODGES  pred:   1. What was the surname of the air-raid warden?
"What is another word for a ""post mortem""?"  True:  Autopsy  pred:   1. The old English tithe was a tax taken for the support of
Chi is the Chinese year of what?  True:  Cock  pred:   A. Year of the Ox B. Year of the Tiger C. Year of
Who played Margo Channing in the 1950 film ‘All About Eve’?  True:  Bette Davis  pred:   1) Anne Bancroft 2) Bette Davis 3)
Which was the last non-capital city to host the Summer Olympic Games?  True:  SYDNEY  pred:   1. 2. 3. 4. 5.
O UGLY NINE is an anagram of which singer songwriter?  True:  Neil Young  pred:   1. What is the Anglicized form of the word Spontaneous?
Which guitar innovator and player has a range of Gibson Guitars named after him?  True:  Les Paul  pred:   1. the ukulele 2. the acoustic guitar 3.
What is the name of the structure designed by Anish Kapoor and Cecil Balmond for the 2012 London Olympics?  True:  (Arcelormittal) Orbit  pred:   2. What is the name of the structure designed by Anish Kapoor and
What is Mexico's most commonly used language?  True:  Spanish  pred:   1. What is Mexico's most commonly used language? 2. What
Tu is the clothing brand of supermarket chain?  True:  Sainsbury's  pred:   1. What is the Anglicized form of the word critic? 2
Which late singer’s autobiography was entitled “Take me Home”?  True:  John Denver  pred:   1. Which late singer’s autobiography was entitled “Take me Home”?
In which 1993 film does a boy called Jonah write to a woman called Annie, asking her to meet his father at the Empire State building on St. Valentine's Day?  True:  Sleepless In Seattle  pred:   A. Night of the Living Dead B. Singin' in the Rain C
The administration of which American President was rocked by the 'Teapot Dome Scandal' of the 1920's?  True:  WARREN HARDING  pred:   1) Coolidge 2) Coolidge 3) Coolidge
Who directed the film Life of Pi?  True:  ANG LEE  pred:   What is the running time of Slumdog Millionaire? La Niña is
Which island has belonged to Carthage, Rome, the Saracens, the King of Aragon, the Dukes of Savoy, United Italy under Victor Emmanuel and was granted autonomous government in 1947?  True:  Sardinia  pred:   1) Carthage 2) Rome 3) Saracens
What Swedish city is connected to Copenhagen via a bridge?  True:  Malmö  pred:   A. Stockholm B. Gothenburg C. Malmö D. Upps
In which North Yorkshire town is the Green Howards Museum?  True:  RICHMOND  pred:   A. Market Weighton B. York C. York D. York E.
Pearmain is a variety of what?  True:  Apple  pred:   Pearmain is a cultivar of what? Pearmain is a cultivar of
In the 80s who wrote the novel Empire of The Sun?  True:  J. G. Ballard  pred:   1. Who wrote the novel City of Ashes? 2. Who
"Who created the fictional character ""Tilly Trotter'?"  True:  Catherine Cookson  pred:  "
Please answer followed by the rationale. "Who created the fictional character ""T
Born Jose Zapata, but known by his middle names, which Colombian goalkeeper who scored three goals for his country is best remembered for his 'scorpion kick' performed at Wembley in 1995?  True:  Rene Higuita  pred:   1. Stephen Appiah 2. Carlos Valderrama 3
Which English cathedral was damaged by an earthquake in the middle Ages  True:  Canterbury Cathedral  pred:  ?
A. York Minster
B. Canterbury Cathedral
C. Westminster Abbey
What colour is the flower of the Celandine?  True:  YELLOW  pred:   1. What colour is the flower of the Celandine? 1
The 1987 film ‘Cry Freedom’ is a biographical drama about which South African civil rights leader?  True:  Steve Biko  pred:   1. Nelson Mandela 2. Steve Biko 3. Oliver Tam
"Meaning ""double step” in Spanish, which dance actually originated in southern France but is modelled after the sound, drama, and movement of the Spanish bullfight?"  True:  Paso Doble  pred:   1. The value of 1.07 × 65 + 1
What did Antonio Stradivari make?  True:  Violins  pred:   1. Guitars 2. cellos 3. cellos
Who had an August 1969 No.1 with 'In The Year 2525 (Exordium And Terminus)'?  True:  Zager & Evans  pred:   1) Dusty Springfield 2) Cilla Black 3) The
In the Anna Sewell novel, what is Black Beauty?  True:  A horse  pred:   1. What is Black Beauty? 2. What is Black Beauty?
In which Ayrshire village will you find the cottage birthplace of poet Robert Bums which is now a museum?  True:  Alloway  pred:   6. What is the title of the film in which Rowan Atkinson
Edith Cresson became the first female Prime Minister of which European country?  True:  France  pred:   2. What is the title of the film adaptation of the novel City of
What was the first Beatles film?  True:  A Hard Day's Night  pred:    (a) A Hard Day's Night (b) Help! (c
"Which Tom's first leading role was in the 1983 film ""Risky Business""?"  True:  Cruise  pred:   1. 2. 3. 4. 5.
Yellow-pine, Uinta and Lodgepole are all types of which animal?  True:  Chipmunk  pred:   A. birds B. mammals C. reptiles D. amphibians E.
Since the foundation of the Football League which is the only team from outside the League (or Premier League) to win the FA Cup, doing so in 1901?  True:  Tottenham Hotspur  pred:   1. What is the title of the head coach of the Scotland national football
Who directed the first two Beatles' films 'A Hard Day's Night' and 'Help! '?  True:  RICHARD LESTER  pred:   1. John Lennon 2. George Harrison 3. Paul McCartney
What is the name for attacks on Jewish communities, especially those instigated by the authorities?  True:  Pogrom  pred:   1. 2. 3. 4. 5.
Gabriel Loire, Mordecai Ardon and Marcelle Ferron are known for their art work in what medium?  True:  Stained glass  pred:   1. What Eurasian winged-termites are variously known as
Athos and Porthos are two of the 3 musketeers, name the other one.  True:  Aramis  pred:   What is the title of The Three Musketeers by Alexandre Dumas? What
Who replaced Iraqi President Ahmed Hassan al-Bakr in July 1979?  True:  Saddam Hussein  pred:   1. Communist Party of the Soviet Union 2. Shah of Iran
Who memorably failed to win the Marathon in the 1954 Commonwealth Games?  True:  JIM PETERS  pred:   1. Except Australia 2. Great Britain 3. New Zealand
Which British TV series starring John Simm as DCI Sam Tyler and Philip Glenister as DCI Gene Hunt was remade in the USA starring Jason O'Mara and Harvey Keitel?  True:  Life On Mars  pred:   1. Banshee 2. Ashes to Ashes 3.
Which of the United States of America is known as the Old Colony State?  True:  MASSACHUSETTS  pred:   A. Massachusetts. B. Rhode Island. C. Connecticut. D. New
Which wonder of the ancient world was at Ephesus?  True:  Temple of Artemis  pred:   1. What is the longest name in the world? 2. What
Who was the winning owner of the Ascot Gold Cup in 2013?  True:  THE QUEEN  pred:   A. Godolphin B. Godolphin C. Godolphin D
"Which 19th century English writer wrote ""Swallows and Amazons"", ""Peter Duck"" and ""Secret Water""?"  True:  Arthur Ransome  pred:   1. Thomas De Quincey 2. Herman Melville 3
"Who was ""Sports Illustrated"" magazine's first ""Sportsman of the Year""?"  True:  Roger Bannister  pred:   1. Babe Ruth; 2. Babe Ruth; 3. Babe
Sea World is in Mission Bay Park in which US city?  True:  SAN DIEGO  pred:   1. What is the title of Andrei Tarkovsky's film St
What was Stephane Grappelli's instrument?  True:  Violin  pred:   1. mandolin 2.  Appalachian dulcimer 3.
What colour is Lady Penelope’s car in the television puppet series ‘Thunderbirds’?  True:  Pink  pred:   1. 2. 3. 4. 5.
Acccording to the English nursey rhyme, what did little Jack Horner pull out of a pie?  True:  Plum  pred:   1. La Niña is a counterpart to El Niño, which is
"Which English comedian had a minor hit in 1958 with his cover version of the Bobby Darin song, ""Splish Splash""?"  True:  CHARLIE DRAKE  pred:   1) Richard Pryor 2) and Ethel Merman 3
Which European city has the world’s oldest stock exchange formed in 1602?  True:  Amsterdam  pred:   1. Munich 2. Amsterdam 3. Toulouse 4.
What was the surname of the woman who was the inspiration behind the Rolling Stones song Angie?  True:  Bowie  pred:   1. What was the surname of the woman who was the inspiration behind the
What raw material is used for making glass?  True:  Sand  pred:   1. Sage, thyme, rosemary, and marjoram are
Peter Parker alias Spiderman worked for which newspaper?  True:  Daily Bugle  pred:   1. Los Angeles Times 2. The New York Times 3.
In the game of golf, an Albatross is how many strokes under par for a given hole?  True:  Three  pred:   A) 4 B) 5 C) 6 D) 7
A rabbit punch is a blow to what part of the body?  True:  Neck  pred:   1. limb 2. ribs 3. ribs 4. ribs
In medicine the MMR vaccination gives protection against which diseases?  True:  Measles, Mumps and Rubella  pred:   1. Measles, 2. Mumps, 3.
In which novel does Flora Poste move to live with her relatives, the Starkadders, in Sussex?  True:  Cold Comfort Farm  pred:   A. Right Ho, Jeeves B. Right Ho, Jeeves
What is the name of the official publication of the Jehova’s Witnesses  True:  The Watchtower  pred:  ?
A. Christianity Today
B. History Today
C. History Today

The peacock belongs to which family of birds?  True:  Pheasant  pred:   1. A Muscovy duck is a type of duck domesticated in
Who is the United Nations and Arab League envoy to Syria?  True:  KOFI ANNAN  pred:    Cartoon by Claude Malhuret, [http://www.webcitation.org
‘Troilus and ‘who’ is the title of a play by William Shakespeare?  True:  Cressida  pred:   Troilus and Cressida
Troilus and Cressida

Of what does the usual base of a Florentine biscuit consist?  True:  CHOCOLATE  pred:   A. flour, milk, and eggs B. flour, eggs, and milk
Who is the narrator on the UK television show The Only Way Is Essex?  True:  Denise van Outen  pred:   1. What is the narrator reading? 2. What is the narrator
Which English chemist discovered the most elements?  True:  DAVY  pred:   A. John Dalton B. Berzelius C. Humphry Davy D
"In New Zealand, the word ""moko"" refers to a type of what?"  True:  Tattoo  pred:   1. painting 2. carving 3. tattooing 4.
What song was a hit for Tom Jones and Cerys Matthews in 1999?  True:  Baby it's cold outside  pred:   1. It was a hit for Tom Jones and Cerys Matthews in
The pasta, farfalle, is named after which creature?  True:  THE BUTTERFLY  pred:   A. cougar B. cougar C. cow D. cow
Please answer followed
Which ‘P’ shot the arrow that killed Achilles by striking him on his heel?  True:  PARIS  pred:   1. 2. 3. 4. 5.
Which was the final battle of King Arthur, at which he was mortally wounded?  True:  BATTLE OF CAMLANN  pred:   A. Camlann B. Camlann C. Camlann D
What animal is the Scandinavian Christmas Julbock symbol?  True:  Goat  pred:   1. What animal is the Scandinavian Christmas Juliana symbol? 2.
Which, then fictional, award is mentioned in the opening scene of the 1950 film ‘All About Eve’, starring Bette Davis?  True:  The Sarah Siddons Award  pred:   1. What is the running time of the film? 2. In
Who did Friedrich Engels famously work with?  True:  Karl Marx  pred:   1) Friedrich Engels 2) Karl Marx 3) William Morris
How many Rings of Power were there, in total?  True:  20  pred:   A. 17 B. 18 C. 19 D. 20
Shashlik is what type of food dish?  True:  Kebab  pred:   1. What Eurasian winged-fruit maple tree is named after the
Which television detective was created by Glenn Chandler?  True:  TAGGART  pred:   1. Monk 2. Monk 3. Monk 4. Monk
Who co-wrote 'Some Other Rainbow' with Jill Morrell?  True:  JOHN McCARTHY  pred:    Cartoonist Will Eisner was born in New York City in 1917
In World War 2 what was the American equivalent of the Chindits?  True:  MERRILL' S MARAUDERS  pred:   2. What was the American equivalent of the Chindits? 3
The Formula One Sepang International Circuit is in which country?  True:  Malaysia  pred:   1. Malaysia 2. Singapore 3. Tuvalu 4.
Who is the engineer with the big triangular hair-style in the Dilbert cartoons?  True:  Alice  pred:   2. La Niña is the counterpart of El Niño, which is
What Canadian province lies between British Columbia and Saskatchewan?  True:  Alberta  pred:   A. New Brunswick B. Ontario C. Alberta D. Manitoba E. Saskatchewan
Caroline of Brunswick was the queen consort of which British King?  True:  GEORGE IV  pred:   1) the Prince of Wales 2) the Prince of Wales 3
Which city is known as the 'Pearl of the Danube'?  True:  Budapest  pred:   (a) Budapest (b) Belgrade (c) Belgrade (d
For which film did Tatum O'Neal receive the Best Supporting Actress 'Oscar'?  True:  'PAPER MOON'  pred:   1. Singin' in the Rain (1952) 2.
In which country are the wine areas of Suhindol and Thrace?  True:  Bulgaria  pred:   1. 2. 3. 4. 5.
Which book of the Old Testament is a collection of moral and ethical maxims?  True:  Proverbs  pred:   A. The Book of Proverbs B. The Book of Esther C. The
"From which language do we get the word ""dungarees""?"  True:  Hindi  pred:   1. Olibanum is the medieval Latin name for frankincense
A throw of which number on each of a pair of dice is known as Snake Eyes?  True:  One  pred:   A throw of which number on each of a pair of dice is known as Snake
What country in May 2015 became the first to legalize gay marriage by national referendum?  True:  Ireland  pred:   1. United Kingdom 2.Ireland 3.Iceland
Hanna Glawari is the title character in which operetta by Franz Lehár?  True:  THE MERRY WIDOW  pred:   1. What is the title of the operetta by Franz Lehár?
Fleurie, Morgon and Brouilly are wines from which French wine region?  True:  BEAUJOLAIS  pred:   1. What is the difference between Syrah and Mondeuse noire
Who created Rumpole of the Bailey?  True:  John Mortimer  pred:   1. What is the title of the book? 2. What is
After what is Fleet Street in London named?  True:  The river Fleet  pred:   1. Fleet St. 2. Fleet St. 3. Fleet
In 2006, who was the first football player in World Cup history to win the ‘Best Young Player Award’?  True:  Lukas Podolski  pred:   (1) Ryan Giggs (2) Cristiano Ronaldo (3) Ryan Gig
Who became the host of the BBC Radio 1 weekday breakfast show in September 2012?  True:  Nick Grimshaw  pred:   1. Amanda Holden 2. Tony Blackburn 3. Tony Blackburn and
Supposedly a hangover cure, which drink consists of a raw egg, Worcestershire sauce and typically a hot sauce with condiments?  True:  PRAIRIE OYSTER  pred:   1. What Eurasian winged-fruit maple tree is named after the
Which island produces Marsala wines?  True:  Sicily  pred:   A. Sardinia B. Sardinia C. Sicily D.
Matthew Webb swam the English Channel and then drowned swimming where?  True:  NIAGARA FALLS  pred:   A. Niagara Falls B. The Great Wall of China C. The Andes
'Signal Failures' written by Dr. B. Ching is the title of a column that has appeared in which magazine?  True:  PRIVATE EYE  pred:   1. Who wrote the Thin Man in 1934? 2.
What year was the final Harry Potter book, Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows, released?  True:  2007  pred:   A. 2007 B. 2008 C. 2009 D
Who was the Republican Presidential Nominee in the 2008 American Election?  True:  John McCain  pred:   1. Barack Obama 2. Hillary Clinton 3. John McCain
"Which Scottish singer had hits with ""Maggie Mae"", ""Tonight's The Night"" and ""Do You Think I'm Sexy"", and has then turned to singing older standards?"  True:  Rod Stewart  pred:   1. Cliff Richard 2. Rod Stewart 3. Rod Stewart
What is zoophobia a fear of?  True:  Animals  pred:   What is zoophobia a fear of? What is zoophobia a fear of?
In 2009, a special design was used on the reverse of the 50p coin to commemorate the 250th anniversary of which establishment?  True:  Royal Botanical Gardens at Kew  pred:   2. What is the title of Jean Rhys' novel The Wide S
Which insects live in a vespiary?  True:  Wasps  pred:   A. termites B. earwigs C. American cockroaches D
What alphabet is used in Russia?  True:  Cyrillic  pred:   A. А B. Б C. Ц D. Д E. Е F
Which American science fiction television series, first aired from 1993 to 2002, tapped into public mistrust of governments and large institutions and interest in conspiracy theories and spirituality, centring on efforts to uncover the existence of extraterrestrial life?  True:  The X-Files  pred:   A. Stargate SG-1 B. Stargate Atlantis C.
Which Oscar winning song came from the film Pocahontas  True:  Colours of the Wind  pred:  ?
6. Which Oscar winning song came from the film Pocahontas
Ari Folman's acclaimed 2008 film was 'Waltz with...' whom?  True:  Bashir  pred:   1. Walt Disney 2. Walt Disney's wife 3. Walt
By what name are the Essex one-day cricket team known?  True:  'EAGLES'  pred:   1.    Twenty20 Cricket 2.    T20 Cricket
For which trade is Saville Row best known?  True:  Tailoring  pred:   1. Savile Row 2. Savile Row 3. Sav
Who wrote the words to 'Land of Hope and Glory'?  True:  AC Benson  pred:   Who wrote the words to 'Land of Hope and Glory'? Who wrote the words
Who did John McEnroe beat to win his first Wimbledon singles final?  True:  Bjorn Borg  pred:   1. John McEnroe 2. Jimmy Connors 3.
"What was the code-name for the reporters Bernstein and Woodward's contact during their investigation of the ""Watergate"" scandal?"  True:  Deep Throat  pred:   1. Watergate 2. Watergate scandal 3. Watergate
What famous ancient city is on the river Tiber?  True:  Rome  pred:   1. 2. 3. 4. 5.
"Which king of the UK had the nickname The Uncle of Europe""?"  True:  Edward VII  pred:   1. William the Conqueror 2. Edward the Confessor
What country has the largest amount of rainforest?  True:  Brazil  pred:   1. Ecuador 2. Colombia 3. Brazil 4. Sao
Which TV network is based in Doha, Qatar?  True:  Al Jazeera  pred:   6. What is the title of Andrei Tarkovsky's film St
With what area of expertise do you associate the name of Annie Leibovitz?  True:  PHOTOGRAPHY  pred:   1. Annie Leibovitz is an American photographer, best known for
Which private railway line runs between Kidderminster and Bridgnorth?  True:  Severn Valley  pred:   6. What is the title of Jean Rhys' debut novel? What
What was the Paramount Film Company originally called?  True:  Famous Players Film Company  pred:   What was the Paramount Film Company originally called?
Please answer followed by the rationale.
Which car manufacturer produces a model called the RAV4?  True:  Toyota  pred:   1. Toyota 2. Honda 3.Volkswagen 4
Which is the only internal organ that can regenerate itself?  True:  Liver  pred:   1. Cardiovascular system 2. Nervous system 3.
In which building is Napoleon Bonaparte buried?  True:  Les Invalides  pred:   A. the Musée d'Orsay B. the Eiffel Tower
Which band released a 2001 album entitled ‘Amnesiac’?  True:  Radiohead  pred:   1. The band was formed in 1989 by Julian Cope,
Which is the highest mountain in North America?  True:  MT MCKINLEY  pred:   A. Denali B. Denali C. Denali D. Denali
Who was the original bass guitarist with The Who  True:  John Entwhistle  pred:  ? 1. Pete Townshend 2. John Entwistle
In measurement, a hand is equal to how many inches?  True:  Four  pred:   A. 3 B. 4 C. 5 D. 6
Whose portrait (other than the Queen) is depicted on the current £20 note?  True:  Adam Smith  pred:   A. Agatha Christie B. Rudyard Kipling C. J.K
"Which work of literature starts with the lines: ""The past is a foreign country: they do things differently there""?"  True:  'THE GO-BETWEEN'  pred:   1. Quo Vadis was written by Henryk Sienkiew
Where sitting on his suitcase was Paddington bear found ?  True:  Paddington Station  pred:   1. La Niña 2. El Niño 3. seasonal
Which religion's holy book is the Adi Granth?  True:  Sikh(ism)  pred:   A. Bhagavad Gita B. Quran C. Koran D.
Which of the 'Spice Girls' advertised 'Milky Way' ob t.v.?  True:  EMMA BUNTON (Baby Spice)  pred:   1. 2. 3. 4. 5.
What was painter Rubens first name?  True:  Peter  pred:    Cartoonist Will Eisner was born in San Francisco in 1917.
Which part of the body can suffer from cirrhosis?  True:  Liver  pred:   1. Liver 2. Kidney 3. lungs 4.
Complete the proverb: All work and no play...?  True:  Makes Jack a dull boy  pred:   1. 2. 3. 4. 5.
What type of hat does Indiana Jones wear?  True:  Fedora  pred:   1. What type of glasses does Indiana Jones wear? 2. What
"Which of the United States is known as the ""Sunflower"" state?"  True:  KANSAS  pred:   1. Lancaster Pennsylvania 2. Lancaster Pennsylvania 3. Lancaster Pennsylvania
The official beverage of Puerto Rico since 1978, what drink consists of rum, coconut cream, and pineapple juice?  True:  Pina Colada  pred:   1. What is the official beverage of Puerto Rico? 2. What
The 1950’s Mau Mau uprising was against the British occupation of which country?  True:  Kenya  pred:   1. Kenya 2. Uganda 3. Tanganyika 4
Who was the husband of Lady Jane Grey?  True:  Lord Guildford Dudley  pred:   1. Henry VIII 2. Edward VI 3. Mary I
Which 2001 film starring Joseph Fiennes and Ed Harris is about two opposing snipers facing each other during the Battle of Stalingrad?  True:  'ENEMY AT THE GATES'  pred:   A. Enemy at the Gates B. Enemy at the Gates C. Enemy at
Omar Sharif played the title character in the 1965 film of what 1957 novel by the Russian writer Boris Pasternak?  True:  Dr Zhivago  pred:   A. Doctor Zhivago B. Doctor Zhivago C. Doctor Zh
In which sport did Olympic gold medallists Roger Ducret, Lucien Gaudin, Laura Flessel-Colovic, Gaston Alibert, Pascale Trinquet, Christian d'Oriola, Jehan Buhan and Albert Robert Ayat represent France?  True:  Fencing  pred:   1. Aquatics 2. Cycling 3. Gymnastics
"In which movie did Garbo say, ""I want to be alone""."  True:  Grand Hotel  pred:  ?
In which movie did Garbo say, ""I want to be alone""
Known as The Mother of Presidents or The Heart of It All, what state was the 17th state to join the union on March 1, 1803?  True:  Ohio  pred:   1. Lancaster 2. Tennessee 3. Tennessee 4. Tennessee
Who coined the phrase 'Somebody up there likes me'?  True:  ROCKY GRAZIANO  pred:   1. Which of the following is correct? 2. Which of the
Which organisation was founded by the lawyer Peter Benenson in London in 1961?  True:  Amnesty International  pred:   1. 2. 3. 4. 5.
Lasting from 1299 to 1922, the Ottoman empire roughly corresponds to what modern day country?  True:  Turkey  pred:   1. 2. 3. 4. 5.
"Who duetted with Bryan Adams on the 1985 hit ""It's Only Love""?"  True:  Tina Turner  pred:   1. Irene Cara 2. Tina Turner 3. Pat Benatar
What was Kerry Packer's media company called?  True:  CONSOLIDATED PRESS  pred:   1. Network Ten 2. Seven Network 3. Ten Network
Who in verse sailed to the land where the bong tree grows  True:  The owl and the pussycat  pred:   and when he found it, he pricked it with a needle and took it
The Caloris Basin is the largest crater on which planet?  True:  MERCURY  pred:   A. Mercury B. Venus C. Earth D. Mars E. Jupiter

Dow Constantine and Susan Hutchinson are currently running for was position?  True:  King County Executive  pred:   1. What is the old English tithe? 2. What is
What Greek mythological figure, who apparently cut quite the figure, was doomed to waste away staring at his own reflection?  True:  Narcissus  pred:   A. Athena B. Zeus C. Poseidon D. Hades E.
Basutoland is now known as what?  True:  Lesotho  pred:   1. Lesotho 2. Swaziland 3. Sw
In the Tour de France who wears the polka dot jersey?  True:  The king of the mountain  pred:   1. Lance Armstrong 2. Belgian cyclist Eddy Merckx
The majority of the land area of Africa lies in which hemisphere?  True:  Northern  pred:   1. Eastern Africa 2. Southern Africa 3. Western Africa
Which group did Steve Marriot go on to form when he left the 'Small Faces'?  True:  'HUMBLE PIE'  pred:   1. The 'Rolling Stones' 2. The Jimi Hend
The song ‘White Dress’ by Kanye West is from which 2012 martial arts film?  True:  The Man With the Iron Fists  pred:   1. Lord of the Rings 2. The Godfather 3.
Who was the author of 'The Old Curiosity Shop'?  True:  Charles Dickens  pred:   A. Charles Dickens B. Charles Dickens C. Charles Dickens D. Charles Dickens
"Who won ""Hell's Kitchen 2009"" on Television?"  True:  LINDA EVANS  pred:   1. 2. 3. 4. 5.
What scientist sailed on the HMS Beagle?  True:  Charles Darwin  pred:   1. Charles Darwin 2. Stephen Hawking 3. Stephen Haw
'An Island Parish' is a documentary series on BBC2, in which islands were the first four series set?  True:  Scilly Isles  pred:   6. What is the title of the animated film released in 2010
On which island is the city of Knossos, once the capital of the ancient Minoan civilisation?  True:  CRETE  pred:   A. Crete B. Crete C. Crete D. Crete
Which is the smallest marine mammal?  True:  SEA OTTER  pred:   1. which is the smallest marine mammal 2. which is the
The name of which month is used for a letter in the phonetic alphabet?  True:  NOVEMBER  pred:   A. January B. February C. March D. April E. May

Which film features the Dawes Tomes Mousley Grubbs Fidelity Fiduciary Bank?  True:  Mary Poppins  pred:   1. What is the title of the film? 2. What is
What compete at the Burghley Trials, Badminton, the Rolex Kentucky Three Day, the Adelaide Trials, the Luhmhlen Trials and the toiles de Pau?  True:  Horse riders  pred:   1. What was the name of the race that had to be run over
Had war not intervened, which city would have hosted the 1916 Olympics?  True:  Berlin  pred:   1. Munich 2. Berlin 3. Berlin 4. Berlin
What de-facto independent country does China claim ownership of?  True:  Taiwan  pred:   1. Napoleon Bonaparte 2. Brazil 3. The C
What was the name of Michael Jackson's second wife?  True:  Debbie Rowe  pred:   1. Tito Jackson 2. La Toya Jackson 3.
Which country’s President resides in a mansion called the Casa Rosada (Pink House)?  True:  Argentina  pred:   1. Mexico 2. Mexico City 3. Guatemala 4.
Which French artist joined a Post-Impressionist group, started the Synthetist movement and worked in Tahiti from 1891 to 1893, and 1895 to 1901?  True:  Paul Gauguin  pred:   A. Pablo Picasso B. Henri Matisse C. Paul Gauguin
Nicknamed the cannibal, who is the only rider to have won all three jerseys in the same year in the Tour de France?  True:  Eddy Merckx  pred:   The 2019 Tour de France began on July 6, 2019
A clapperboard is used in which industry?  True:  Film  pred:   1. What is a clapperboard? 2. What is the
Trumpets and trombones are most commonly pitched at?  True:  Bb  pred:   A; B; C; D; E; F; G; H;
What is the Great Smoo?  True:  A Cave  pred:   1. What is the Great Wall of China? 2. What is
Which famous scientist lived at Down house in Kent?  True:  CHARLES DARWIN  pred:   1. Charles Darwin 2. Stephen Hawking 3. Isaac Newton
Frank Sinatra would have celebrated which birthday in 2015?  True:  100  pred:   A. Ellis Island B. Ellis Island C. Ellis Island D. Ellis Island
The trade union Unison was formed by a merger of NALGO, NUPE and which other union?  True:  COHSE  pred:   A. UNISON B. UNISON C. UNISON D. UNISON
The capital city of Nunavut, Iqaluit lies on which large island?  True:  Baffin Island  pred:   1. The capital city of Nunavut, Iqaluit lies
On average, a Big Mac contains 178 of what ingredient?  True:  SESAME SEEDS  pred:   1. fat 2. fat 3. fat 4. fat
Complete the sequence: Johnson, Nixon, Ford....?  True:  JIMMY CARTER  pred:  ?
Please answer followed by the rationale. Complete the sequence: Johnson, Nixon,
Which US state was known as the 'State of Franklin' from 1784 until 1788?  True:  TENNESSEE  pred:   1. 2. 3. 4. 5.
Mitt Romney was Governor of which state 2003-7?  True:  Massachusetts  pred:   A. Hawaii B. Hawaii C. Hawaii D. Hawaii E. Hawaii

"Who was the subject of the 2007 film ""La Vie En Rose""?"  True:  Edith Piaf  pred:   1. Charles Aznavour 2. Edith Piaf
Who was named the best player at Euro 2012 by UEFA ?  True:  (Andres) INIESTA  pred:   1. Ryan Giggs 2. Robin Van Persie 3.
Who wrote the Napoleonic war novels featuring Stephen Maturin?  True:  (Patrick) O'Brian  pred:   1. What is the longest name in the world? 2. What
What does someone need to wear if they are myopic?  True:  Glasses  pred:   1. Here is what you need to know: Here is what you need
Who was the only British medal winner at the 2010 Winter Olympics?  True:  AMY WILLIAMS  pred:   1. Steve Redgrave 2. Wayne Gretzky 3.
Which 5th/6th Century Buddhist monk is described in Chinese texts as ‘The Blue-Eyed Barbarian’?  True:  Bodhidharma  pred:   1. What is the longest name in the world? 2. In
Which Italian artist painted 'The School of Athens'?  True:  Raphael  pred:   A. Paolo Uccello B. Leonardo da Vinci C. Michelangelo D
Technically a shoal of fish becomes a school of fish when it is?  True:  Swimming in the same direction  pred:   1. A shoal of fish becomes a school of fish when it is
How many symphonies did Jean Sibelius compose?  True:  Seven  pred:   1. 2. 3. 4. 5.
In which film did Johnny Depp play a policeman called Ichabod Crane?  True:  Sleepy Hollow  pred:   A. Ed Wood's Plan 9 from Outer Space B. The Godfather
Which American singer's music publishing company was called Gladys Music?  True:  Elvis Presley  pred:   1. Who is the longest reigning WWE Champion of all time? Who is
On a standard dartboard, which number lies between 12 and 20?  True:  5  pred:   A. 13 B. 14 C. 15 D. 16
What is the name of the neo-Norman fantasy castle situated close to Bangor, between Snowdonia and the Menai strait ? It was built in the early 19th century by a family who made their money from sugar and Welsh slate, and is now in the care of the National Trust.  True:  PENRHYN  pred:   What is the name of the neo-Norman fantasy castle situated close to Bangor
What is the honour system founded by Napoleon in 1802 that has five classes including Grand Cross and Officer?  True:  Legion of Honour  pred:   1. What is the honour system founded by Napoleon in 1802 that
The Misses World for both 1999 and 2000 represented which country?  True:  India  pred:   1. Australia 2. Germany 3. Australia 4. Germany
What Detroit-area stadium was sold in 2009 for just $583,000?  True:  The Silverdome  pred:   A. Pontiac Silverdome B. Ford Field C. Comerica
The cover of which of Pink Floyd’s LP covers features Battersea Power Station?  True:  ANIMALS  pred:   1. What was the Christian name of Mr Smirnoff?
Who, during a radio microphone test in 1984 said, 'I just signed legislation which outlaws Russia forever The bombing begins in five minutes?  True:  Ronald Reagan  pred:   1. Which of the following is the name of the actress who starred in
What is the symbol for the chemical element protactinium, atomic number 91?  True:  Pa  pred:   12. What is the symbol for the chemical element protactinium, atomic
The National Bagpipe Museum is not in Scotland, in which English town or city is it?  True:  MORPETH  pred:   1. What is the title of the film adaptation of the Charles Dickens novel
A chemical reaction accelerated by adding a separate recyclable substance is?  True:  Catalysis  pred:   A. endothermic B. exothermic C. exothermic D
Strangles is a bacterial infection of the respiratory tract of which animal?  True:  Horse  pred:   The chronic laryngotracheobronchitis (CLT) is
In which US state is the Innoko River?  True:  ALASKA  pred:   A. Alaska B. Pennsylvania C. Oregon D. Washington E. None of
Who directed the 1941 film ‘The Maltese Falcon’?  True:  John Huston  pred:   A. John Huston B. John Ford C. Vincente Minnelli
During which battle did Davey Crockett lose his life?  True:  The Alamo  pred:   A. the Battle of the Alamo B. the Battle of the Alamo
What is the name of the sport in which your opponent tries to knock you off a floating spinning log  True:  Birling  pred:  ?
6. What is the name of the sport in which your opponent tries to
From which country did French horns originate?  True:  Germany  pred:   1. What is the old English word for 'farmer'? 2
"Where in the human body would you find the ""Island of Reil""?"  True:  The Brain  pred:   1. Cardiovascular system 2. Digestive system 3. Digest
Angiosperm (from Greek 'angeion', bottle) is a major scientific classification of land plants which have seeds and?  True:  Flowers  pred:   1. What is the group of monocotyledonous plants called?
What is prussic acid, found in bitter almonds and laurel leaves, also known as?  True:  Hydrocyanic acid  pred:   A. cyanogenic glycosides B. glucosinolates C.
"Which late 19th century English illustrator was ""rediscovered"" due to an exhibition from 19 May to 19 September 1966 at the Victoria and Albert Museum, London, which introduced his work to a new generation and began a craze that lasted into the 1970s?"  True:  Aubrey Beardsley  pred:   1. Edward Burne-Jones 2. Helen Allingham 3
The town of Keswick in Cumbria lies just north of which body of water?  True:  DERWENT WATER  pred:   A. Lake Windermere B. Lake Ullswater C. Lake
What nationality was the botanist Carolus Linnaeus?  True:  Swedish  pred:   A. British B. Spanish C. Prussian D. Prussian Page
Starting 30 years of conflict, the Eritrean War of Independence broke out on Sept 1, 1961, as Eritrean separatists fought for independence from what country?  True:  Ethiopia  pred:   1. Eritrea 2. Ethiopia 3. Somalia 4
General Augusto Pinochet was the former dictator of which South American country?  True:  Chile  pred:   A. Chile
B. Uruguay
C. Argentina
D. Brazil

What was the name of the racehorse owned by the Queen Mother and ridden by Dick Francis that collapsed whilst leading the 1956 Grand National with just 45 metres to the winning post?  True:  DEVON LOCH  pred:   2. What was the name of the racehorse owned by the Queen Mother
Who was the first US president Barbara Walters interviewed?  True:  Nixon  pred:   1. Lyndon Johnson 2. John F. Kennedy 3.
In which Indian city is Eden Gardens, the second largest test cricket ground in the world?  True:  KOLKATA  pred:   1. 2. 3. 4. 5.
"In a famous speech by Winston Churchill on 4 June 1940 that began ""We shall fight in France, we shall fight on the seas and oceans"", he went on to say that ""we shall fight"" in the air, on the beaches, on the landing grounds, in the fields, in the streets, and where else?"  True:  In the hills  pred:
What is the common name for the species of large cattle, Bos primigenius, once prevalent in Europe, that was hunted to extinction in 1627?  True:  AUROCHS  pred:   2. What is the common name for the species of large cattle, Bos
The painting A Dance to the Music of Time 1634 - 1635 displayed in the Wallace Collection, London is by which artist?  True:  Nicholas Poussin  pred:   1. Edward Burne-Jones 2. Edward Burne-Jones
In the nineteenth century Benjamin West, Thomas Lawrence and John Millais were President of which institution?  True:  ROYAL ACADEMY  pred:   A. Royal Academy of Arts B. Royal Academy of Arts C. Royal Academy
Which hit making pop group played the backing for the Everley Brothers 'Til I Kissed You  True:  The Crickets  pred:  ' in 1963? 1. The Everly Brothers 2.
From the Latin meaning of clip/cut, what hairstyle symbolizes religious devotion?  True:  Tonsure  pred:   2. The Great Wall of China is a World Heritage Site which is considered
Traitor's Gate is part of which building?  True:  Tower of London  pred:   A. Jericho B. Hampton Court C. Hadrian's Wall D.
Which city is the home of the Palais du Luxembourg?  True:  Paris  pred:   1. 2. 3. 4. 5.
Which European country’s national rail network is known as RENFE?  True:  Spain  pred:   1. 2. 3. 4. 5.
Which flower has the Latin name Hyacinthoides non scripta?  True:  BLUEBELL  pred:   1. What is the Anglicized-Spanish plural form of cantar
Abraham Maslow's 'Hierarchy of Needs' theory explains?  True:  Motivation  pred:   1. Maslow's hierarchy of needs, also known as the hierarchy of
On what island would you find the city of Palermo?  True:  Sicily  pred:   1. 2. 3. 4. 5.
In which film does Dustin Hoffman play Enrico Salvatore (Ratso) Rizzo?  True:  MIDNIGHT COWBOY  pred:   A. Gone with the Wind B. It's a Wonderful Life C. It
A speechwriter for both Ford and Nixon, before becoming actor and comedian, who won a Emmy award as host of a game show in which you could win $5000 of his own money?  True:  Win Ben Steins Money  pred:   The Gloucester E 28/39 first flew in 1931. What
Prior to 1930, the Eiffel Tower held the record for what?  True:  The worlds tallest building  pred:   A. the tallest structure in the world B. the tallest building in the world
Joe Gargery is a character in which Charles Dickens novel?  True:  Great Expectations  pred:   A. The Artful Dodger B. Daniel Quilp C. Bill
Isoprene, Butyl and Nitrile are all types of which substance?  True:  Rubber  pred:   1. What is the transfer of energy from one chemical reaction to another?
What percentage of Mike Tyson's 1995 earnings came from endorsements?  True:  Zero  pred:   1) 85% 2) 90% 3)
Which musical work of 1898 features a section called 'Nimrod'?  True:  Enigma Variations  pred:   1. What is the title of the piece? 2. What is
Who is credited with the discovery of the tomb of King Tutankhamen in 1922?  True:  Howard Carter  pred:   A. Egyptologist David O'Connor B. Egyptologist Howard Carter C. Egypt
Who is the patron saint of music? (Feast Day 22nd November)  True:  St. Cecilia  pred:   What is the patron saint of Apple Pie? (Feast Day 21st
I n dressmaking what are featherweight, skirt weight and open ended  True:  Zips  pred:   cloth
Please answer followed by the rationale. I n dressmaking what are feather
Which baseball team won the World Series in 2011?  True:  St Louis Cardinals  pred:   1. St. Louis Cardinals 2. Boston Red Sox 3.
Davy Crocket was killed at the Alamo, which other famous American pioneer died in the same action?  True:  Jim Bowie  pred:   1) Daniel Boone 2) Davy Crockett 3) Daniel
Who voiced Count Duckula in an animated 1980's and 1990's television series of the same name?  True:  David Jason  pred:   1. What is the title of Andrei Tarkovsky's film St
Cassandra was the pseudonym of which writer in the Daily Mirror?  True:  William Connor  pred:   1. What is the title of the Thin Man in 1934?
Goosnargh Corn-fed Chicken and Duck is championed by chefs and five of the ten Lancashire cheese dairies listed by the British Cheese Board are located in Goosnargh parish, in which town or city is Goosnargh?  True:  Preston  pred:   1. Goosnargh is a village and civil parish in the
Which opera by Borodin features the Polovtsian Dances?  True:  PRINCE IGOR  pred:   A. Prince Igor B. Prince Igor C. Prince Igor D. Prince Igor
Who played the part of 'Jack Sugden' in 'Emmerdale' for 28 years? He died in July of this year (2008).  True:  CLIVE HORNBY  pred:   Who played the part of 'Jack Sugden' in 'Emmerdale'
Which group had a UK No.1 hit in 1983 with a cover version of Yazoo's Only You?  True:  The Flying Pickets  pred:   A Clockwork Orange (1971) is a dystopian novel by Anthony Burgess
Which arid region of Ethiopia was invaded by Somalia in 1977?  True:  THE OGADEN  pred:   1. 2. 3. 4. 5.
What was first demonstrated by Alexander Graham Bell at the Philadelphia Exhibition in 1876?  True:  Telephone  pred:   1. what was first demonstrated by Alexander Graham Bell at the Philadelphia Exhibition in
What is the currency of Lithuania?  True:  Litas  pred:   1. 2. 3. 4. 5.
In which musical is the main male character called Billy Bigelow?  True:  Carousel  pred:   In which musical is the main male character called Billy Bigelow? 1.
Five ninths of three fifths is a?  True:  Third  pred:   3/5 × 3/5 × 3/5 =
Shirley Temple served as US Ambassador to which African country from 1974 – 1976?  True:  GHANA  pred:   1. 2. 3. 4. 5.
What colour are the flowers of a hawkbit plant?  True:  Yellow  pred:   A. purple B. red C. green D. yellow E. white

In Greek mythology which king of Corinth was compelled to eternally roll a large boulder up a hill only to watch it roll down again?  True:  Sisyphus  pred:   1. What is the longest name in the world? 2. In
Cable News Network (CNN), the first channel to provide 24-hour television news coverage, was founded by Ted Turner in what year?  True:  1980  pred:   1980 1981 1982 1983 1984
What was the first name of the jazz trombonist Kid Ory?  True:  Edward  pred:   1. What was the first name of the jazz trombonist Kid O
By what name is James Osterberg popularly known?  True:  Iggy Pop  pred:   What is the name of the head of the U.S. Department of Labor?
What author penned a satirical essay in 1729, entitled A Modest Proposal, modestly proposing that the poor should eat their babies?  True:  Jonathan Swift  pred:   A. Jeremy Bentham B. Samuel Johnson C. Jeremy Bentham D.
Rapunzel, Mother Gothel and Paulo are all characters in which 2010 animated film?  True:  Tangled  pred:   Rapunzel, Mother Gothel and Paulo are all characters in which 201
What aspect of the folktale Hansel and Gretel has been adapted in user-interface design to help users navigate among various screens?  True:  Bread crumbs  pred:   1. The Shining is a 1980 horror film directed by Stanley
Written by Earl Derr Biggers in 1925, 'The House Without A Key' was the first novel to feature which Chinese- American detective?  True:  CHARLIE CHAN  pred:   A. Sherlock Holmes B. Sam Spade C. Philip Marlowe D
Which singer picked up three Ivor Novello awards in May, including songwriter of the year for her hit single, The Fear?  True:  Lily Allen  pred:   1. 2. 3. 4. 5.
What was the name of Catherine Zeta Jones character in The Darling Buds of May  True:  Mariette  pred:  ?
Please answer followed by the rationale. What was the name of Catherine Zeta
Which company, founded in 2009, provides an app-based taxi service that uses crowd-sourced drivers?  True:  Uber  pred:   1. Uber 2. Lyft 3. Easy Taxi 4.
"Mukhtar Al-Bakri, Sahim Alwan, Faysal Galab, Shafal Mosed, Yaseinn Taher and Yahya Goba were collectively known as the ""Lackawanna Six"" and by what other name?"  True:  The Buffalo Six  pred:   1. 2. 3. 4. 5.
In 1996, Dolly the Sheep was successfully cloned in which European country?  True:  Scotland  pred:   1. 2. 3. 4. 5.
In the BBC TV series, how are Antonio Carlucci and Genaro Contaldo better known?  True:  Two Greedy Italians  pred:   1. What is the title of Andrei Tarkovsky's film St
Alex Turner is the lead vocalist of which rock band?  True:  Arctic Monkeys  pred:   A. the Arctic Monkeys B. the Verve C. the Verve
In which Irish city is the Abbey Theatre?  True:  Dublin  pred:   1. 2. 3. 4. 5.
In which year were Queen Victoria and Prince Albert married; the uniform penny post introduced in the UK; Tchaikovsky was born?  True:  1840  pred:   1. What was the human cost of the First World War? 2
The magazine Private Eye refers to Her Majesty the Queen by which name?  True:  BRENDA  pred:   A. Queen Elizabeth II B. Her Majesty the Queen C. Ma'am the
A banderillero is a member of a team called a cuadrilla, in which controversial activity?  True:  Bullfighting  pred:   The banderillero is a member of a team called a cuadrilla
Vestiphobia is the irrational fear of which items?  True:  Clothes  pred:   1. doctors 2. doctors 3. doctors 4. doctors
From the Greek word sphygmós, meaning pulse, what is the inflatable cuff pressure meter called which measures human blood pressure?  True:  Sphygmomanometer  pred:   A. sphygmomanometer B. sphygmograph C. s
Who was British Prime Minister at the end of the Second World War?  True:  Clement Attlee  pred:   A. Winston Churchill B. Neville Chamberlain C. Clement Attlee D.
'Captain Yossarian' is the central character of which 20th century novel?  True:  'CATCH 22'  pred:   A. Catch-22 B. Adventures of Huckleberry Finn C. Adventures
In US motor racing, what colour flag would the driver see for 'one lap to go'?  True:  White  pred:   1. red 2. yellow 3. green 4. white
In what year did Torville and Dean (Jane and Christopher) win their first Olympic gold, scoring 12 perfect sixes in their free-dance routine?  True:  1984  pred:   1896, 1904, 1908, 1920,
In which year did John Stonehouse disappear and the Flixborough chemical plant exploded?  True:  1974  pred:   A. 1966 B. 1967 C. 1968 D
Who wrote the novel 'The Beach' on which the film was based?  True:  ALEX GARLAND  pred:   A. Joseph Conrad B. Joseph Heller C. Hunter S. Thompson D.
On which part of the body would a Japanese person wear a geta?  True:  Foot  pred:   1. Ear/Scalp 2. Ear/Scalp
The world was first aware of the Chernobyl disaster after detectors were triggered at a nuclear plant in which country?  True:  Sweden  pred:    Cartoonists associated with The New Yorker, among them Charles Addams, Ir
The 2006 Grammy Award for the Best Musical Theatre recording were John Du Prez & Eric Idle (producers & composers) and Eric Idle (lyricist) for which show?  True:  Monty Python's Spamalot  pred:   1. Rock of Ages 2. Rock of Ages 3. Rock
Give the surname of the classical music piano soloist sisters, Katia and Marielle?  True:  LABEQUE  pred:   1. What is the title of the waltz by Austrian composer Johann
In which year did children’s television show ‘Sesame Street’ debut on US television?  True:  1969  pred:   1. 1969 2. 1970 3.
Which of the Great Train Robbers became a florist outside Waterloo station until he was found hanged in a lock up  True:  Buster Edwards  pred:   on 7th  April 1983?
A. Ronnie Biggs

What movie had a sexy, supernatural pottery scene?  True:  Ghost  pred:   1. Lord of the Rings 2. Ghostbusters 3. Ghost
Canaletto is famous for his landscapes of Venice and which other city?  True:  London  pred:    Cartoonist Will Eisner was born in San Francisco in 1917.
Which well known 1987 film, featured a character named Private Pyle, played by Vincent D'Onofrio?  True:  FULL METAL JACKET  pred:   1. What is the title of Andrei Tarkovsky's 198
What is the origin of the word Punic as in the Punic Wars?  True:  CARTHAGE  pred:   1. What is the origin of the word Punic as in the P
The island called Martha's Vineyard off the south of Cape Cod in New England is in which state of the USA?  True:  Massachusetts  pred:   A. Massachusetts B. Rhode Island C. Connecticut D. New Hampshire E.
What is either a popular cocktail, or the nickname of an English queen?  True:  Bloody Mary  pred:   1. Pink Squirrel 2. Pink Panther 3. Pebbles
Which Muppet from the television series shares a name with a former US President?  True:  Grover  pred:   1. Miss Piggy 2. Kermit the Frog 3.
Which was the first group to have a number one hit in the USA for Motown Records?  True:  The Marvelettes  pred:   1. the Supremes 2. the Temptations 3
LNER Flying Scotsman, built in 1923, became in 1934 the first (What?) to attain 100mph?  True:  Steam train  pred:   1. What was the name of the banana to some shrink-wrapped pund
"Used to describe insects such as the Mayfly that only live for a short time, what word derives from the Greek for ""living a day""?"  True:  EPHEMERAL  pred:   1. 2. 3. 4. 5.
The opera Gloriana is by which English composer?  True:  BENJAMIN BRITTEN  pred:   1. in the 17th century 2. in the 18
A novel by General Lew Wallace published in 1880 was made into which films in 1926 (a silent movie) and 1959 (produced by William Wyler)?  True:  Ben Hur  pred:   A. Ben-Hur: A Tale of the Christ B. Ben-Hur
Which London residential suburb is the site of Lord’s Cricket Ground?  True:  St John’s Wood  pred:   1. London is the capital of England, Great Britain, and the United
The Collegiate Church of St Peter in London is more popularly known by what name?  True:  Westminster Abbey  pred:   1. 2. 3. 4. 5.
Which American golfer, winner of three majors, was tragically killed in a plane crash on October 25th 1999, at the time of his death he was the reigning US Open Champion?  True:  PAYNE STEWART  pred:   1. Tiger Woods; 2. Ian Woosnam; 3
The Battle of Vimy Ridge took place in which country during World War l?  True:  France  pred:   1. 2. 3. 4. 5.
What is a group of jellyfish called?  True:  Smack  pred:   1. cnidarians 2. cnidoblasts 3
Fruit, cricket and horseshoe are varieties of what type of animal?  True:  Bat  pred:   A. Mammal B. Reptile C. Amphibian D
Who was the founder of the 'Mormon Church'?  True:  JOSEPH SMITH  pred:   A. Joseph F. Smith B. Brigham Young C. Joseph Smith D.
On which instrument would a ‘paradiddle’ be played?  True:  Drums  pred:   1. 2. 3. 4. 5.
Admiral Sir John Jellicoe commanded the British fleet at the Battle of Jutland, the largest naval battle of World War I, against a fleet from which country?  True:  Germany  pred:   A. Germany B. England C. France D. Russia
This is the
In the Bible, how many psalms make up the Book of Psalms?  True:  150  pred:   1. What kind of wood was used to make the Ark of the Covenant
"What profession requires the artist to know about ""F stops""?"  True:  Photography  pred:   1. 2. 3. 4. 5.
The Kalahari Desert lies chiefly in which country?  True:  Botswana  pred:   A. Central Africa B. Southern Africa C. West Africa D. East Africa
Who played Penny in Just Good Friends  True:  Jan Francis  pred:  ?
6. Who played Penny in Just Good Friends?
6. Who played Penny
Which English football league club is based in Burslem?  True:  Port Vale  pred:   A. Bolton Wanderers B. Watford C. Crewe Alexandra D.
In 1996, Dolly the Sheep was successfully cloned in which European country?  True:  Scotland  pred:   1. 2. 3. 4. 5.
Taking its name from the Portuguese words for wine and garlic, which hot curry originated in Goa?  True:  Vindaloo  pred:   6. What is the name of the origin of the origin of the origin
Released in 1962, which was the first of the 'Carry On ....' films to be released in colour?  True:  'CARRY ON CRUISING'  pred:   A. Carry On Spying B. Carry On Cleo C. Carry On
How many medals did the United States win at the 2010 Winter Olympics?  True:  37  pred:   1. 2. 3. 4. 5.
What is the climate change agreement aimed at stabilizing greenhouse gas levels in the atmosphere, named after the Japanese city in which participating nations agreed its framework in 1997?  True:  Kyoto Protocol  pred:   1. 2. 3. 4. 5.
Charles Sands (USA), Margaret Abbot (USA) and George Lyon (Canada) were winners in what Olympic sport at the 1900 and 1904 games?  True:  Golf  pred:   1. 2. 3. 4. 5.
What is the title of the 18th Century novel by Lawrence Sterne, which was published in nine volumes?  True:  (The Life and Opinions of) Tristram Shandy (Gentleman)  pred:   1. The Life and Opinions of Tristram Shandy, Gentle
‘Quicksilver’ is another name for which metallic element?  True:  Mercury  pred:   1. What Eurasian winged insect lives on the forest floor?
If you were kicked on the tarsus where would it hurt  True:  Ankle  pred:  ? 1. Aquatic invertebrates 2. Mammals
Which town on the River Colne holds an annual Oyster Festival?  True:  Colchester  pred:   A. Weston-super-Mare B. Weston-super-Mare C.
Which city is the capital of the Spanish region of Aragon?  True:  Zaragoza  pred:   A. Zaragoza B. Alicante C. Murcia D. Valencia
In the UK tv series ‘Mr Bean’, what model car does Mr Bean drive?  True:  Mini 1000  pred:   A. Routemaster Bus B. Routemaster Bus C. Routem
American singer Ernest Evans called himself Chubby Checker to emulate the name of which other musician?  True:  Fats Domino  pred:   1. What is the Anglicized form of his given name? 2
Who plays the role of Bubble in Absolutely Fabulous?  True:  Jane Horrocks  pred:   1. What is the title of Andrei Tarkovsky's film St
Which vocal quintet was put together in Manchester in 1990 by Nigel Martin-Smith?  True:  Take That  pred:   1.    Macbeth 2.    Irving Berlin 3.   
Before the tradition of hanging stockings up at Christmas what did Dutch children hang by the fireside?  True:  Shoes  pred:   1. What did Dutch children hang by the fireside? 2.
Mel Gibson (1990) and Kenneth Branagh (1996) have both played which character in movies?  True:  Hamlet  pred:   1. 2. 3. 4. 5.
Who wrote The Ugly Duckling  True:  Hans Christian Anderson  pred:
Please answer followed by the rationale. Who wrote The Ugly Duckling

What film production company was named after brothers Harry (born Hirsz), Albert (born Aaron), Sam (born Szmul), and Jack (born Itzhak)?  True:  Warner Brothers  pred:   1. What film production company was named after brothers Harry (born Hirsz
What Arizona national park was formed over millions of years by the relentless efforts of the Colorado River?  True:  The Grand Canyon  pred:   A. Grand Canyon National Park B. Petrified Forest National Park C. and
Angelica, Chuckie and Tommy feature in which cartoon tv series?  True:  RUGRATS  pred:   1. You need to be logged in to interact with the activity feed.