"Answer to the point, <question>"

What musician formed a singing duo with Art Garfunkel in 1963?  True:  Paul Simon  pred:   Aug 11, 2009
Answer to the point: What musician formed
Who was housekeeper to Sherlock Holmes?  True:  Mrs Hudson  pred:   1. Mrs. Hudson 2. Mrs. Hudson 3. Mrs
"Who was known as the ""Moses of her people"" for leading escaped slaves to freedom during the US Civil War?"  True:  Harriet Tubman  pred:   Hint: Its name is Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr.
Answer to the
What is the name of the convenience store operated by Apu on TVs The Simpson?  True:  Kwik-E-Mart  pred:   1. 2. 3. 4. 5.
What is the traditional beverage hoisted by the winners of the Indianapolis 500, a tradition that dates back to 1936?  True:  Milk  pred:   1. milk 2. milk. 3. milk. 4
"Who played the part of the tragic Jennifer Cavalleri in the 1970 film, ""Love Story""?"  True:  ALI McGRAW  pred:   Answer: Meryl Streep.
Answer to the point: "Who played the
The Japanese condiment wasabi is produced from what part of the the wasabi plant?  True:  Roots  pred:   A. shoots B. roots C. roots and shoots D. roots and leaves
The third part of trilogy of Hobbit movies, released at the end of 2014, is called what?  True:  The Hobbit: The Battle of the Five Armies  pred:   Answer to the point: The third part of trilogy of Hobbit movies, released
What is the state capital of the US state of New Jersey?  True:  TRENTON  pred:   1. Trenton 2. Trenton 3. Trenton
"What is the name of the feast day in the Western Christian calendar which occurs on 29 September to honour the defeat of Lucifer in the battle for the heavens, for which the traditional meal includes goose (a ""stubble-goose"", i.e. one prepared around harvest time)?"  True:  Michaelmas  pred:  .
Answer to the point: "What is the name of the feast day in
Which British submarine sank the General Belgrano in the Falklands War  True:  HMS Conqueror  pred:  ?
On June 2, 1982, the British submarine HMS Conquer
Italy is divided into how many regions?  True:  20  pred:   1.
Answer to the point: Italy is divided into how many regions?
Which Italian pasta's name means little spindles in English?  True:  Fusilli  pred:   1. Ragù alla Bolognese 2. Pappard
"Sportscaster Jack Brickhouse who once said ""Any team can have a bad century"" provided play-by-play coverage of what American major league team's games from 1948 to 1981?"  True:  Chicago Cubs  pred:    It was the Los Angeles Dodgers in the 1950s and 196
Amr Shabana from Egypt is famous for playing which sport?  True:  Squash  pred:   1. Tennis 2. Badminton 3. boxing 4
James A Michener wrote the stories upon which musical was based?  True:  South Pacific  pred:   1. Chariots of Fire 2. The English Patient 3
Ascorbic acid is usually known as what?  True:  Vitamin C  pred:   1. Pyridoxine 2. Thiamine 3.
When Alex Ferguson joined Manchester United on November 6th 1986, who was manager of Liverpool?  True:  KENNY DALGLISH  pred:   Answer to the point: When Alex Ferguson joined Manchester United on November 6th
Which country is known as The Hashemite Kingdom?  True:  Jordan  pred:   1. Egypt 2. Jordan 3. Saudi Arabia 4.
Which modern day country was known until 1981 as British Honduras?  True:  BELIZE  pred:   Hint: Its capital is Belize City.
Answer to the point: Which modern day
"Complete the title of this James Bond film: ""From Russia With ... """  True:  Love  pred:   1. From Russia With Love 2. Goldfinger 3.You
A novel by General Lew Wallace published in 1880 was made into which films in 1926 (a silent movie) and 1959 (produced by William Wyler)?  True:  Ben Hur  pred:   A. Ben-Hur B. The Last of the Mohicans C. The
"What poem contains the words, ""...Water, water, everywhere, Nor any drop to drink..."" ?"  True:  The Rime of the Ancient Mariner  pred:   is The Pit and the Pendulum by Edgar Allan Poe. Take a look at
May 4, 1904 saw the US begin construction the Canal, following the creation of the state of Panama from Columbian territory due to the iron backbone and bad-assed support of which US president?  True:  Theodore Roosevelt  pred:   Unfortunately, the canal was one of the most mismanaged projects in US history.
In 1984, in Bophal, India, there was a leak of 30 tons of methyl isocyanate, which resulted in the deaths of 25,000 people. What American chemical company owned the plant where the leak occurred?  True:  UNION CARBIDE  pred:   1. FMC 2. DuPont 3. Monsanto 4
What mythological beast has the head of a man, the body of a lion, and the tail and feet of a dragon?  True:  A manticore  pred:   The answer is the Chimera. In Greek mythology, the Chimera was a
"Which 19th century Englishman went to New Zealand to be a sheep farmer, visited Canada, and wrote ""Erewhon"", ""A Psalm of Montreal"" and ""The Way of All Flesh""?"  True:  Samuel Butler  pred:  "
Answer to the point: "Which 19th century Englishman went to
The name of which person born in Dublin is connected in English history with the locations of Vimiero, Talavera, Salamanca, Vittoria, Orthes and Waterloo?  True:  Duke of Wellington  pred:   Answer to the point: The name of which person born in Dublin is connected in
The Freedom Cup is contested annually between the Rugby Union teams of New Zealand and which other country?  True:  SOUTH AFRICA  pred:   The answer is New Zealand and South Africa, as part of the Tri-Nations
Traditional Latin pluralization of Latin-originating words ending in 'us' is to replace the 'us' with?  True:  i  pred:   – Who needs ANSWERS
Answer to the point: Traditional Latin pluralization of
In April 1814 which King gained the French throne to begin the Bourbon Restoration?  True:  LOUIS XVIII  pred:   1. Louis XVIII 2. Louis XVI 3. Louis XV
Which country produces the most of the world's olive oil?  True:  Spain  pred:   Answer to the point: Which country produces the most of the world's olive oil
Which, then fictional, award is mentioned in the opening scene of the 1950 film ‘All About Eve’, starring Bette Davis?  True:  The Sarah Siddons Award  pred:   1. 2. 3. 4. 5.
What cereal crop is used to make single malt whisky in Scotland?  True:  Barley  pred:   1. corn 2. wheat 3. barley 4. oats
The Syrah grape variety makes wine that is?  True:  Red  pred:   tight, tannic, flowery, flowery, flowery, flow
John Sell Cotman was a leading member of which group of artists?  True:  NORWICH SCHOOL  pred:   1. Pre-Raphaelite Brotherhood 2. Pre-Raphaelite movement
Which 1987 US film was based on the 1985 French film ‘Trois hommes et un couffin’?  True:  THREE MEN AND A BABY  pred:   Hint: Huckleberry Finn
Answer to the point: Which 1987
Dame Ninette de Valois, the eminent ballet teacher, director, and founder of The Royal Ballet and Birmingham Royal Ballet, was born in which country?  True:  Ireland  pred:   1. France 2. England 3. New Zealand 4.
What is the American word for a short-hand typist?  True:  Stenographer  pred:   1. typist 2. reporter 3. reporter 4.
What dish, especially popular in parts of Wales and the English Midlands,  is traditionally made from pig's heart, liver and fatty belly meat or bacon minced together, with herbs added for flavouring and sometimes bread crumbs  True:  Faggots  pred:   or oatmeal. Good results may also be achieved with steak and kidney pie.
Which Football League club play their home games at Kingsmeadow, also known as the Cherry Red Records Stadium?  True:  AFC WIMBLEDON  pred:   1) Barnet 2) Leyton Orient 3) Leyton
For which scientific discovery did Crick and Watson receive the 1962 Nobel Prize for Medicine?  True:  DNA structure  pred:   1. the discovery of the structure of DNA 2. the discovery of
How was Moose the dog better known when he starred in a popular US sitcom?  True:  EDDIE  pred:   1. Sherman Klump
How was Moose the dog better known when he
What company encourages you to "Think Outside the Bun"?  True:  Taco Bell  pred:   Are you more likely to make a purchase from a company that encourages you to think
Who won the World Professional Snooker Championship six times in the 1970s?  True:  Ray Reardon  pred:   Steve Davis (1984, 1985, 1986, 198
Which bird is known in French as 'merle'?  True:  BLACKBIRD  pred:   1. The crested crane 2. The torrent duck 3.
What nation put the first manmade satellite in orbit, the 3 first man in space and the first woman in space?  True:  U.S.S.R  pred:    As viewed from the surface of the Earth, the Moon can be seen as
"What type of clothing is a ""sou-wester""?"  True:  Hat  pred:   1480 AD
Answer to the point: "What type of clothing is
What is the name of the seven-branched candelabra used in the Jewish religion?  True:  Menorah  pred:   1. candelabrum 2. candelabrum 3
Who on TV is the Naked Chef  True:  Jamie Oliver  pred:  ? Are you going to put on a chef's hat and audition for Gladi
Willis-Ekbom disease is more commonly known as?  True:  Restless leg syndrome  pred:   etc
Answer to the point: Willis-Ekbom disease is more commonly known
John Curtin became Prime Minister of which country in 1941?  True:  Australia  pred:   1. Australia 2. Canada 3. New Zealand 4.
Who together with Vince Clarke, formed the pop duo 'Yazoo'?  True:  ALISON MOYET  pred:   Answer to the point: Who together with Vince Clarke, formed the pop duo '
"Which Latin phrase, that translates literally as ""under the rose"", means 'secretly' or 'in confidence'?"  True:  SUB ROSA  pred:    Cartoonist is a visual artist who specializes in drawing cartoons. This work is
‘Ball tampering’ is an illegal activity associated with which sport?  True:  Cricket  pred:   (a) Basketball (b) Cricket (c) Netball (d)
Where exactly is the tallest habitable building located in the UK? It is 50 stories high with a height of 235 metres (771 feet) and was completed in 1991?  True:  CANARY WHARF  pred:   One of the tallest buildings in the world is the Burj Khalifa in Dubai
Which actress was voted Miss Greenwich Village in 1942?  True:  Lauren Bacall  pred:   1) Katharine Hepburn 2) Lauren Bacall 3)
Name Google's service launched in 2009 from which support was withdrawn in 2010, which offered 'next-generation email', messaging and twitter-style micro-blogging?  True:  Wave  pred:   1. Gmail 2. Google Talk 3. Google Wave 4
What is the main attraction at both Altamira and Lascaux?  True:  Cave paintings  pred:   What is the main attraction at both Altamira and Lascaux?
Are
In which country is the city of Maastricht?  True:  The Netherlands  pred:   Maastricht is a city in the Netherlands.   Answer to the point
Which US TV series of the 1960's starring Ray Walston as 'Uncle Martin' and Bill Bixby, was remade in 1999 as a film starring Christopher Lloyd and Jeff Daniels?  True:  'MY FAVORITE MARTIAN'  pred:   1. The Bob Newhart Show 2. The Mary Tyler Moore Show
In which year was the ten shilling note withdrawn in the UK following the introduction of the 50p coin ?  True:  1970  pred:   A. 1970 B. 1971 C. 1972 D
What name is given to the temperature of -273.15 degrees Celsius?  True:  ABSOLUTE ZERO  pred:   1. Absolute zero 2. Absolute zero 3. Absolute zero
Robert Gordon Menzies was which country's longest-serving Prime Minister?  True:  Australia  pred:    He was the Prime Minister of Australia from 1949 to 1966
A 'triskelion', a symbol consisting of three bent human legs is featured on the flag of which British crown dependency?  True:  Isle of Man  pred:   A. Gibraltar B. Guernsey C. Jersey D. Alderney
In which North African country was Mohammed Al-Fayed, owner of Harrods department store in London, born?  True:  Egypt  pred:   Answer to the point: In which North African country was Mohammed Al-Fayed,
Bran Castle that is located on the border between Transylvania and Wallachia in Romania is marketed as the home of which sinister figure?  True:  Bram Stoker's Dracula  pred:   1. Vlad the Impaler 2. all of the above 3
The Recreation Ground, Kingsholm Stadium and the Memorial Ground are all English venues for which sport?  True:  Rugby Union  pred:   1) Rugby union 2) Rugby league 3) Cricket 4
In the 18th Century, Russia led a coalition that defeated which country in the Great Northern War?  True:  Sweden  pred:   Hint: Its strength was underpinned by naval supremacy.
Answer to the point
Used to describe US citizens who attempted to foment insurrections in Latin America in the mid-19th century, what is the term for someone who engages in an unauthorized military expedition into a foreign country to support a revolution?  True:  Filibuster  pred:   A. Generals Belgrano and Antonio Jose de Sucre. B.
Which motorway runs from Cambridge to London?  True:  M11  pred:   1. M1 2. M25 3. M60
Which hero was the son of Zeus by Danae?  True:  Perseus  pred:   1. Deucalion 2. Theseus 3. Perse
Jenny Shipley was the first female prime minister of which country?  True:  New Zealand  pred:   1. Australia 2. New Zealand 3. Canada 4.
In which TV 'quiz' show was the consolation prize a chequebook and pen?  True:  Blankety Blank  pred:   1) Countdown, 2) Countdown, 3) Countdown,
Who famously raised wages to $5/day so that his workers could afford the product they were producing?  True:  Henry Ford  pred:   Answer to the point: Who famously raised wages to $5/day so that his
Which 2007 Italian drama film directed by Daniele Luchetti is based on Antonio Pennacchi's novel?  True:  My Brother Is An Only Child  pred:   2007 Italian drama film directed by Daniele Luchetti is based on
"What 1998 film diected by Peter Weir , was advertised with the tag line ""On The Air, Unaware""?"  True:  'THE TRUMAN SHOW'  pred:   1. Titanic 2. Singin' in the Rain 3.
Truax Field international airport is in which US state?  True:  Wisconsin  pred:   2. 3. 4. 5. 6.
Still on pigs. Which country rears 40% of the world's total of around 764 million pigs?  True:  CHINA  pred:   (a) Russia (b) Italy (c) France (d) China
Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner became President of which South American country in December 2007?  True:  Argentina  pred:   Answer to the point: Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner became President of which South American
In 1929 Edwin Hubble formulated a law in his name which states (among other complexities) that what recede from an observer at a rate proportional to their distance to that observer?  True:  Galaxies  pred:   1. the expansion of the universe 2. the expansion of the universe
"Who painted ""Dedham Vale"" and ""The Valley Farm""?"  True:  (John) CONSTABLE  pred:   ISBN: 978-0-9843165-1-9. He
What type of creature is a cichlid?  True:  Fish  pred:   Cichlids are a subgroup of the order Tetraodontiformes,
What type of animal is Baloo in the novel ‘The Jungle Book’ by Rudyard Kipling?  True:  Bear  pred:   1. Marine 2. Mammal 3. Reptile
Which politician was born Goldie Mabovich?  True:  Golda Meir  pred:   Answer to the point: Which politician was born Goldie Mabovich?
F
What spirit is mixed with ginger beer in a Moscow mule?  True:  Vodka  pred:  Creme de Noyaux is an almond liqueur made from apricot kernels
Who was editor of Cosmopolitan magazine for 32 years and wrote the book 'Sex and the Single Girl?  True:  Helen Gurley Brown  pred:  '
Who was editor of Cosmopolitan magazine for 32 years and wrote the
Who was the last Briton to win the Nobel Prize for Literature?  True:  Doris Lessing  pred:   (U.S. theoretical physicist Richard Feynman, 1965
In which year was the Royal British Legion founded?  True:  1921  pred:   The Royal British Legion was founded in 1921 when the Duchess of Conna
Who is the only actress to win 4 Oscars for Best Actress?  True:  Katherine Hepburn  pred:   Keeping in mind that three people have won in the same category more than once.
Who played Saffron Monsoon in the UK television comedy series ‘Absolutely Fabulous’?  True:  Julia Sawalha  pred:   The answer is Steve Coogan.
Steve Coogan is an English actor and comedian
Wayne Rooney scored his first senior goal against which club?  True:  Arsenal  pred:   Answer to the point: Wayne Rooney scored his first senior goal against which club?

Who sang the theme song in 9 to 5?  True:  Dolly Parton  pred:   Aug 11, 2013
Posted on August 11, 201
In which battle did Harold II, the last Saxon king, lose his life?  True:  Battle of Hastings  pred:   1, 2, 3, 4, 5,
Which was the only team that England did not beat in their qualifying campaign for the 2014 Soccer World Cup ?  True:  UKRAINE  pred:   1 New Zealand 2 Austria 3 Ecuador 4 Ecuador 5 Mexico
Which island was home to Odysseus?  True:  ITHACA  pred:   1. the island of Ogygia 2. the island of O
In the 2005 remake of the film 'King Kong' who played the part of Ann Darrow, originally played by Fay Wray?  True:  Naomi Watts  pred:   Answer to the point: In the 2005 remake of the film 'King
Which patriotic Irving Berlin song includes the line  From the mountains to the prairie to the oceans white with foam ?  True:  God Bless AMERICA.  pred:   The answer is " White Christmas " by Irving Berlin. Take a look at the
Wardenclyffe Tower in Shoreham, New York was designed by which genius who intended to showcase it for demonstrations of wireless power transmission?  True:  Nikola Tesla  pred:   A. Nikola Tesla B. Thomas Edison C. George Westinghouse D.
Which Sheffield United player scored the first ever goal in English Premiership football?  True:  Brian Deane  pred:   The final score was 1-0 to Sheffield United and the final score was
By what nickname was English serial killer and armed robber Donald Neilson known?  True:  The Black Panther  pred:   (Urmston is a suburb of Manchester, England.)
Answer to the point
What was the name of the boutique run by Malcolm McLaren and Vivienne Westwood at 430 King’s Road, London, between 1974 and 1976?  True:  Sex  pred:   It was owned by Barbara Hulanicki, rather than McLaren and Westwood
What Gaelic word which means 'bad ale' is given to an unlicensed Irish drinking house?  True:  Shebeen  pred:   Hint: It is the Anglicised form of the Gaelic word for midge
The 1932 film ‘The Mask of Fu Manchu’ revolves around Fu Manchu’s quest for the sword and mask of which historical figure?  True:  Genghis Khan  pred:   1. several 2. several 3. one 4. none
In which US state was singer Bruno Mars born?  True:  Hawaii  pred:   Answer to the point: In which US state was singer Bruno Mars born?
Posted
Which event held in Alberta, Canada, which bills itself as The Greatest Outdoor Show on Earth, is a large festival, exhibition, and rodeo held for 10 days every summer in July, attracts more than 1.2 million visitors?  True:  The Calgary Stampede  pred:   A. Calgary Stampede B. Calgary Stampede C. Calgary Stampede D
The character 'James Bond' was created by Ian Fleming, but who wrote the book 'Zero Minus Ten' featuring 'James Bond'?  True:  RAYMOND BENSON  pred:   (U.S. title: 'On Her Majesty's Secret Service' or '
What is the art of hand-making cricket bats called?  True:  Podshaving  pred:   What is the art of hand-making cricket bats called?
Answer to the point:
Nino Farina was the first world champion of what?  True:  Formula One  pred:   Answer to the point: Nino Farina was the first world champion of what
"Who topped the U.K. charts for eleven successive weeks in 1955, with his version of the song ""Rose Marie""?"  True:  SLIM WHITMAN  pred:   The answer is Little Eva. Her version of "The Loco-Motion"
Used when making tea, and deriving from the Russian for 'self brewer', what name is given to the heated metal container traditionally used to heat and boil water in Russia, Iran and Turkey?  True:  SAMOVAR  pred:    The answer to the point: Used when making tea, and deriving from the
"Which 20th century English playwright wrote ""The Winslow Boy"" and ""Separate Tables""?"  True:  Terence Rattigan  pred:   1. John Osborne 2. Terence Rattigan 3.
What type of animal is a bonobo?  True:  Ape  pred:   1. non-human apes 2. non-human primates 3
A bird described as a 'palmiped' has which characteristic feature?  True:  Webbed feet  pred:   (a) an overall short tail (b) an overall long tail (c
Goliath is the name for a South American spider that eats what?  True:  Birds  pred:   A. prey
Answer to the point: Goliath is the name for
Which 'Inn of Court' in London is missing - Lincoln's Inn, Inner Temple, Middle Temple and ........?  True:  GRAY'S INN  pred:  ?
Answer to the point: Which 'Inn of Court' in London is
Which city is the ‘de facto capital’ of the European Union?  True:  Brussels  pred:   1. Brussels 2. Strasbourg 3. Luxembourg 4.
The People Party, founded in Coventry in 1972, changed its name in 1975 and again in 1985. The party is represented in Parliament, the Lords and the European Parliament, how is it now known?  True:  The Green Party  pred:   2. What was the name of the Labour Party in the 1970
What was the name of Michael Jackson's autobiography written in 1988?  True:  Moonwalk  pred:   1. Moonwalk; 2. Moonwalker; 3. Moon
Regarded as its Nobel Prize, in what field is the annual Pritzer Prize awarded?  True:  ARCHITECTURE  pred:   1. Physiology or Medicine 2. Chemistry 3. Literature 4
Which poet wrote The Whitsun Weddings?  True:  Philip Larkin  pred:   1. William Wordsworth 2. Alfred Lord Tennyson 3
What are the first four words of the Bible, as recorded in Genesis?  True:  IN THE BEGINNING GOD  pred:   1. In the beginning God created the heavens and the earth. 2
In which capital city would you find Charles Bridge and Wenceslas Square?  True:  Prague  pred:   1. Prague 2. Prague 3. Prague 4. Prague
Who was the 2001 Wimbledon Women's Singles Champion?  True:  Venus Williams  pred:   Answer to the point: Who was the 2001 Wimbledon Women's Singles Champion
"What is the setting for the 1942 painting, ""Nighthawks"" by American artist, Edward Hopper?"  True:  A DINER  pred:   1942 was the year the U.S. entered World War II. Why
Which Major League Baseball team plays its home games at Chase Field, built in 1992?  True:  Arizona Diamondbacks  pred:   Hint: It's not the Arizona Diamondbacks.
Answer to the point: Which
Which former cabinet minister was debarred from Parliament because of irregularities in his 2010 election campaign for his Oldham East and Saddleworth constituency?  True:  PHIL WOOLAS  pred:   The answer is Tom Watson, Member of Parliament for Wolverhampton South East.

In 2001, Dennis Tito paid a reported $20 million to be the first tourist to go where?  True:  Space  pred:   1. Mars 2. Mars 3. Earth 4. Earth
Rolf Harris recorded a 1964 single calling for which member of The Beatles ‘For President’?  True:  Ringo  pred:    (a) John Lennon; (b) Paul McCartney; (c)
Nomophobia is the fear of being without or losing what?  True:  Mobile phone  pred:   1. a mobile phone 2. a mobile phone. 3.
Who lured sailors on the Rhine to their deaths with her singing?  True:  Lorelei  pred:   Answer to the point: Who lured sailors on the Rhine to their deaths
Which actress played Queen Victoria in the 1970s TV drama Edward the Seventh?  True:  ANNETTE CROSBIE  pred:   1. Zoë Wanamaker 2. Dame Judi Dench
What holiday is particularly associated with Morris Dancing?  True:  WHITSUNTIDE  pred:   1. Easter 2. Christmas Day 3. Christmas Eve 4
Aung San Suu Kyi is a controversial leader in which country?  True:  Myanmar  pred:   1. Myanmar 2. Costa Rica 3. India 4.
How many squares does a Rubik’s Cube have on each side?  True:  9  pred:   32.
How many diagonals does a Rubik’s Cube have?
2
What was the name of the IBM computer that defeated world chess champion Garry Kasparov in 1997?  True:  Deep Blue  pred:   1. Watson 2. Deep Blue 3. IBM 4.
Which racecourse hosts the Midlands Grand National in March each year?  True:  UTTOXETER  pred:   1) Aintree 2) Cheltenham Racecourse 3
Which country used to be called Southern Rhodesia?  True:  Zimbabwe  pred:   Hint: Its name was changed to Zimbabwe in 1980.
Answer to the
The long distance train, 'The Canadian', travels between Toronto and which other city?  True:  VANCOUVER  pred:   1. Montreal 2. Montreal 3. Montreal 4. Montreal
Which horse race is held at Churchill Downs?  True:  Kentucky Derby  pred:   1. Kentucky Derby 2. Preakness Stakes 3.
Which book of the Old Testament explains how the festival of Purim came to be celebrated by the Jews?  True:  Esther  pred:   Which book of the Old Testament explains how the festival of Purim came to be
In what year did Kurt Waldheim become UN General Secretary; Bloody Sunday happened in Derry, NI; President Nixon visited China.  True:  1972  pred:   Answer to the point: In what year did Kurt Waldheim become UN General Secretary
Arkansas Black is a variety of which fruit?  True:  Apple  pred:   1. mandarin orange 2. navel orange 3. t
Who won the 'Oscar' for Best Actress in the 1950's film'Born Yesterday'?  True:  JUDY HOLLIDAY  pred:   1. Marilyn Monroe; 2. Audrey Hepburn; 3.
In 1337 which English king claimed the throne of France, precipitating the '100 Years War'?  True:  EDWARD III  pred:   1. Charles IV of France 2. Edward III of England 3
What country lies to north of the Republic of Chad?  True:  The State of Libya  pred:   Hint: Its name is the Republic of Cameroon.
Answer to the point: What
The fortified wine drink Sherry is named after what town?  True:  Jerez  pred:   1. Cádiz 2. Jerez de la Frontera
What is the capital of the US state of Georgia?  True:  ATLANTA  pred:   1. Atlanta 2. Savannah 3. Augusta 4. Charlotte
The Sharks face off against what gang in Leonard Bernsteins musical West Side Story?  True:  The Jets  pred:   1) The Jets 2) The Sharks 3) The Beetles
What is the name of the Police Chief in 'The Simpsons'?  True:  CHIEF Clancy WIGGUM  pred:   1 Answer
Answer to the point: What is the name of the Police
Who, in 2010, became the first batsman to score 200 runs in a limited overs international match?  True:  Sachin Tendulkar  pred:   Answer to the point: Who, in 2010, became the first bats
Which Italian pasta's name means little spindles in English?  True:  Fusilli  pred:   1. Ragù alla Bolognese 2. Pappard
What is the Milky Way?  True:  The local galaxy  pred:   It is about 100,000 light-years in diameter and about 10,
The Dardanelles and the Bosporus, straits which separate Europe from the mainland of Asia, run through which country?  True:  Turkey  pred:   (a) Germany (b) France (c) the United States (d
Which superhero film, produced by Marvel Studios and written and directed by Joss whedon, was the highest grossing film world-wide in 2012 ?  True:  THE AVENGERS  pred:   A) The Avengers B) Iron Man 3 C) Thor: The Dark
What character created by Robert Ludlum appeared in a film trilogy released between 2002 to 2007?  True:  Jason Bourne  pred:   Published on Jun 4, 2012
Answer to the point: What
What name is given to the temperature of -273.15 degrees Celsius?  True:  ABSOLUTE ZERO  pred:   1. freezing point 2. boiling point 3. absolute zero
Who was Europe's captain in the 2008 Ryder Cup?  True:  Nick Faldo  pred:   Answer to the point: Who was Europe's captain in the 2008 Ryder
Which type of roof is pitched at two different angles, the lower part being steeper than the upper?  True:  Mansard  pred:   1. ridge 2. hip 3. gable 4.
Which of Henry VIII's wives died of septicaemia, just twelve days after giving birth?  True:  JANE SEYMOUR  pred:   (a) Catherine of Aragon (b) Anne Boleyn (c
"Who was known as ""The Waltz King""?"  True:  Johann Strauss  pred:   -- Chinese New Year"
Answer to the point: "Who was known as ""
Which band released the 1970 album 'In the Wake of Poseidon'?  True:  KING CRIMSON  pred:   The 1970 album 'In the Wake of Poseidon' was released by
Who made the 1995 album 'Jagged Little Pill' which sold 33 million copies?  True:  ALANIS MORISSETTE  pred:   Aug 11, 2015
Who made the 1995 album '
How many Rings of Power were there, in total?  True:  20  pred:   Also, how many Rings of Power were used in the Fellowship of the Ring?
By what first name is the wife of Tommy Beresford known in the Partners in Crime stories by Agatha Christie, recently adapted by BBC TV?  True:  TUPPENCE  pred:   (U.K.) 1) Dulcie 2) Lillian 3
What is the traditional Maori greeting in which people press noses together?  True:  Hongi  pred:   1. Kapa haka 2. Haka 3. a
What animal is traditionally seen in the branding of Fox's Glacier Mints?  True:  Polar Bear  pred:   1. frog, 2. cow, 3. frog,
Which Dickens' novel features Mr Merdle, Edmund Sparkler and Tattycoram?  True:  Little Dorrit  pred:   1. A Tale of Two Cities 2. Great Expectations 3
Who's missing: Miss Scarlett, Mrs. White, Mr. Green, Mrs. Peacock, Professor Plum?  True:  Colonel Mustard  pred:   Answer to the point: Who's missing: Miss Scarlett, Mrs. White,
The 'Yid Army' are/were a gang of football hooligans who supported which London club?  True:  TOTTENHAM HOTSPUR  pred:   The answer is AFC Bournemouth. The 'Yid Army' are/were
"Who painted ""Boy With a Pipe"" which, in May 2004, was sold for a record price of $104 million?"  True:  Picasso  pred:   ISBN 978-0-19-861452-4
Answer to the
Which group had a UK No.1 hit in 1983 with a cover version of Yazoo's Only You?  True:  The Flying Pickets  pred:   A Clockwork Orange (; 1971) is a dystopian science fiction film
Forest Whitaker won the Oscar for Best Actor for his role in which 2006 film?  True:  THE LAST KING OF SCOTLAND  pred:   Answer to the point: Forest Whitaker won the Oscar for Best Actor for his
Which wild life quiz show was hosted by Henry Kelly  True:  Monkey Business  pred:  ?
Answer to the point: Which wild life quiz show was hosted by Henry Kelly
This quiz is printed on A4 paper which has a length of 297mm. How wide, in millimetres, is A4 paper?  True:  210  pred:   A) 210mm B) 216mm C) 196mm D
Who played Aunty Entity' in the film 'Mad Max Beyond the Thunderdome'?  True:  Tina Turner  pred:   Answer to the point: Who played   Aunty Entity' in the
The Dales Way is a path that runs from Bowness in Cumbria to which town in Yorkshire on the River Wharfe?  True:  ILKLEY  pred:    The Dales Way is a path that runs from Bowness in C
What company makes Big Red and Juicy Fruit gum?  True:  Wrigley  pred:   1. PepsiCo. 2. PepsiCo. 3. Pepsi
Which Tsar of Russia ruled from 1682-1725?  True:  Peter the Great  pred:   1. Peter the Great 2. Ivan the Terrible 3.
Typically, a male moose sheds its antlers how frequently?  True:  Every year  pred:   A. once a year B. twice a year C. three times a year
A Colles fracture is in which part of the body?  True:  Wrist  pred:   A. hand B. wrist C. hand and wrist D. wrist and hand
Accrington Stanley’s biggest league win was 8-0 in 1934 when they beat which club from the Wirral who were members of the Football League from 1923 until 1951?  True:  NEW BRIGHTON  pred:    The answer is Preston North End who were members of the Football League from
What type of animal was Bambi's friend Flower?  True:  a Skunk  pred:   1. critter 2. critter 3. critter
Where in the UK did the Queen unveil a memorial to John F Kennedy in May 1965?  True:  Runnymede  pred:   It was unveiled at the Field of Remembrance on the Cenotaph in
"Which British comedian and actor played Dr Gregory House in the US TV series ""House""?"  True:  Hugh Laurie  pred:   ISBN: 978-0-19-861452-4
Answer to
What city do Brummies come from?  True:  Birmingham  pred:   1. Stratford-upon-Avon 2. Birmingham 3.
Who is the current (Jan 2014) Secretary of State for Education?  True:  Michael Gove  pred:   The Secretary of State for Education is Jack Straw. The Secretary of State for Education
What make of car did Doc Brown turn into a time machine?  True:  DeLorean  pred:   Epic Mickey 2: The Power of Two is the sequel to Epic Mickey.
Sanskrit is an ancient language of which modern day country?  True:  India  pred:   1. Pakistan 2. Bangladesh 3. India 4. Nepal
Albacore, bigeye and longtail are species of what type of fish?  True:  TUNA  pred:   1. shark 2. tuna 3. moray eel
"In the sentence ""Wherever he went, he carried the scratching cat, his eyes red."", what part of speech is ""his eyes red""?"  True:  Phrase  pred:   [closed]
In the sentence ""Wherever he went, he carried the scratching
How many US states border Lake Superior?  True:  3  pred:   The Mackinac Bridge connects the Upper Peninsula of Michigan to the Lower Peninsula.
In music theory what is the relative minor chord of C major?  True:  A minor  pred:   1. A minor 2. C minor 3. D minor
Which model village did Samuel Greg build to house workers at his nearby Quarry Bank Mill?  True:  STYAL  pred:   (a) Marple (b) Nantwich (c) Nant
Which American resort is nicknamed 'Sin City'?  True:  Las Vegas  pred:   Answer to the point: Which American resort is nicknamed 'Sin City'? Answer to
Which is the smallest country in area in mainland Africa?  True:  Gambia  pred:   The answer is Côte d'Ivoire.
Côte d'Ivoire
Whose law states the “Supply creates demand”?  True:  Say’s Law  pred:   It is the process of supply and demand in an unfettered market. However
"The US TV series ""Mad Men"" centres around what industry or profession?"  True:  Advertising  pred:   1. 2. 3. 4. 5.
The International Bureau of Weights and Measures is based in which European country?  True:  France  pred:   (a) Belgium (b) France (c) Germany (d) -
Bill Gold whose most noted creations are for films as varied as Casablanca, A Clockwork Orange, Mystic River and The Sting is renowned for what type of work?  True:  Poster designs  pred:   1. live-action 2. animation 3. sound 4.
In the children’s television series ‘Fireball XL5’, what is the name of the robot co-pilot of XL5?  True:  Robert the Robot  pred:   Answer to the point: In the children’s television series ‘Fireball XL5
What first name is shared by Turner Prize winning artists Wallinger and Leckey?  True:  MARK  pred:   (Urmson, 1982, p. 30).
Taxonomy
Which cricketer wrote the autobiographical 'Coming Back To Me'?  True:  MARCUS TRESCOTHICK  pred:   Answer to the point: Which cricketer wrote the autobiographical 'Coming Back
A spoof of fraternal organizations such as the Masons, Shriners, Elks Club, or Moose Lodge, of what lodge was Fred Flintstone elected Grand Imperial Poobah?  True:  Loyal Order of Water Buffalo  pred:   The object of the contest is to find the name of the Father of the Space
"""Yabba dabba doo"" was a catch-phrase in which cartoon series?"  True:  The Flintstones  pred:   (a) The Flintstones (b) The Jetsons (c) The
Bandar Seri Begawan International airport is in which country?  True:  Brunei  pred:   1. Brunei 2. Taiwan 3. Malaysia 4.
Which British Prime Minister married Clementine Hozier on September 12th 1908?  True:  WINSTON CHURCHILL  pred:   (pronounced "He-ron-ee") -- The success of the C
In which US state is the Innoko River?  True:  ALASKA  pred:   Answer to the point: In which US state is the Innoko River?
Answer
Which 2009 film is a biopic of John Lennon?  True:  'NOWHERE BOY'  pred:   1. School of Rock 2. Elizabethtown 3
What's the name of the intelligent talking horses in Swift's Gulliver's Travels ?  True:  HOUYHNHNMS  pred:   2017-10-25
Answer to the point: What's the
"Where would you find a ""plimsoll line""?"  True:  On a ship  pred:   1. What is a plimsoll line? 2. Where would
The name of which Spanish city is in the full title of Costa del Sol Airport?  True:  MÁLAGA  pred:   1. Malaga 2. Fuengirola 3.
In the West Indies, what is the collective name for Cuba, Hispaniola, Jamaica and Puerto Rico ?  True:  GREATER ANTILLES  pred:   Answer: The Bahamas.
Answer to the point: In the West Indies, what
"A ""land run"" into which current state of the USA began at noon on 22 April 1889, when an estimated 50,000 people lined up to race to claim 160 acre (0.65 km2) pieces of the available 2 million acres (8,000 km)?"  True:  Oklahoma  pred:  .
Answer to the point: "A ""land run"" into which current state
According to Greek myth, who built the labyrinth on Crete for King Minos?  True:  DAEDALUS  pred:   Answer to the point: According to Greek myth, who built the labyrinth on Cre
Who gave Harry Potter his first kiss?  True:  Cho Chang  pred:   Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets is a fantasy novel written by British author J
Alan Bates played an escaped convict who was mistaken for the son of God in which 1961 film?  True:  Whistle Down the Wind  pred:   Answer to the point: Alan Bates played an escaped convict who was mistaken for the
What is the name of the spiritual leader of a community of Zen Buddhist monks?  True:  Roshi  pred:   (Buddha
Answer to the point: What is the name of the
Which was the first commercial jet airliner to go into service in the UK?  True:  COMET  pred:   1. Lockheed L-188 Electra 2. Lockheed L-188
What is the capital of the U.S. state of Connecticut?  True:  Hartford.  pred:   1. Hartford 2. Branford 3. New Haven 4
What was Britain called - before it was Britain?  True:  Albion  pred:   1 Answer
Answer to the point: What was Britain called - before it
What is the middle name of US actor Samuel L Jackson?  True:  Leroy  pred:   1. Minnesota 2. North Carolina 3. North Dakota 4
On the banks of which river does the town of Kidderminster stand?  True:  RIVER STOUR  pred:   1. River Severn 2. River Severn 3. River
What is the Pacific terminus of the Trans Siberian Railway?  True:  Vladivostok  pred:   The Trans-Siberian Railway (Russian: Транссибирская
In the run up to the 1997 election, Tony Blair outlined his parties' three priorities for office, can you name them?  True:  Education, Education, Education  pred:   1. Mrs. Thatcher 2. Privatisation 3. deregulation
Which boy band consists of Niall Horan, Zayn Malik, Liam Payne, Harry Stiles and Louis Tomlinson?  True:  'ONE DIRECTION'  pred:   1) One Direction 2) One Direction 3) One Direction
In the novel 'Treasure Island' name the pirate shot dead by Jim Hawkins in the rigging of the Hispaniola  True:  ISRAEL HANDS  pred:  .
Answer to the point: In the novel 'Treasure Island' name the
December 23, 1923 was the birthday of Vice Admiral James Stockdale, one of the most highly decorated officers in the history of the US Navy. He was also the running mate of what 1992 presidential candidate?  True:  H. Ross Perot  pred:   Richard Nixon unsuccessfully ran in 1960, 1968, 1972
What country singer's duets with Loretta Lynn ended when he died aged 59  True:  Conway Twitty  pred:  ?
What country singer's duets with Loretta Lynn ended when he died
What element is mixed with Iron to make cast iron?  True:  Carbon  pred:   Iron is smelted using carbon as a reducing agent. Ferrous metal is
What colour cat is a Russian Blue?  True:  Grey  pred:   The Russian Blue is a type of domesticated cat domesticated from the Siberian
From which song does this lyric come? 'She calls out to the man in the street, sir can you help me'?  True:  Another day in Paradise  pred:   It's from Gilbert and Sullivan's The Pirates of Penzance. Take a
Who said, a man is only as old as the women he feels  True:  Groucho Marx  pred:   and obtains access to when it comes to sex. Thanks to Eric Klinenberg
"Up to 1974, the title of ""Negus"" was used for the traditional rulers of what country?"  True:  Ethiopia  pred:   1. Ethiopia 2. Eritrea 3. Somalia 4
The Fitzwilliam Museum is in which English city?  True:  Cambridge  pred:   1) Cambridge 2) Oxford 3) London 4) York
The main motto of which organisation is: 'Service Above Self'?  True:  ROTARY (International)  pred:   1. Saiva Siddhanta Church 2. Latin Church 3
'Roquefort Cheese' is made from what sort of milk?  True:  Ewe's Milk  pred:   Roquefort cheese is made from pasteurized cow's milk. It is
Who was US President immediately before and after Benjamin Harrison?  True:  Grover Cleveland  pred:   1. Benjamin Harrison 2. Grover Cleveland 3. Benjamin Harrison
Where woud you find a nave or an apse?  True:  in a Church  pred:   The nave is a lower section of a church, with a transept,
Which chemical element is represented by the symbol ‘Rn’?  True:  Radon  pred:   (a) chlorine (b) bromine (c) iodine (d
How is children's author Mary Pollock better known?  True:  Enid Blyton  pred:   She is known as the author of Winnie-the-Pooh, Corduro
What is the second most common gas in the atmosphere?  True:  Oxygen  pred:   (a) oxygen, (b) nitrogen, (c) argon,
American Callan Pinckney's eponymously named system became a best-selling (1980s-2000s) book/video franchise in what genre?  True:  Fitness  pred:   1. Western 2. Speculative fiction 3. Speculative fiction
The principal author of the US Constitution and writer of over 1/3 of the Federalist Papers, which US President, the 4th, was CIC during the War of 1812?  True:  James Madison  pred:   Answer to the point: The principal author of the US Constitution and writer of over
Which Parliamentary Act was abbreviated to DORA?  True:  Defence of the Realm Act  pred:   Answer to the point: Which Parliamentary Act was abbreviated to DORA?
Answer to
Which Alan Bennett play features Cutlers Grammar School, Sheffield?  True:  THE HISTORY BOYS  pred:   1) Rock 'n' Roll 2) Rock 'n' Roll
"Which Welsh poet (e.g. ""Portrait of the Artist as a Young Dog"") wrote a play ""Under Milk Wood"" that was published posthumously in 1954?"  True:  Dylan Thomas  pred:   ISBN 0-571-09465-1
Answer to the point:
'The Castle of Otranto' often called the first gothic novel, was written in 1764 by whom?  True:  HORACE WALPOLE  pred:   A) Horace Walpole
Answer to the point: 'The Castle of
The character Sally Bowles appears in which film?  True:  Cabaret  pred:   Answer to the point: The character Sally Bowles appears in which film?
How
Catoptromancy is the term for predicting the future using what object? Who's the fairest of them all!  True:  Mirror  pred:  ?
Answer to the point: Catoptromancy is the term for predicting the
In the King James Version, which eponymous book of the Old Testament follows 'Esther' and precedes 'Psalms'?  True:  'JOB'  pred:   1 John 2:18-25 1 John 2:18
In Egyptian myth who was the God of chaos and disorder?  True:  Seth  pred:   1.
Answer to the point: In Egyptian myth who was the God of
In motoring terms, what can be an SU, a Weber, or a Zenith?  True:  CARBURETTOR  pred:  <|begin_of_text|>Question: In motoring terms, what can be an SU, a Weber
The name of which island is thought to come from the Norse for 'puffin island'?  True:  LUNDY  pred:   Hint: It is one of the Shetland Islands, south of the Or
"Which composer, born in Grenoble in 1803 wrote ""Benvenuto Cellini"", the first of his three operas?"  True:  HECTOR BERLIOZ  pred:  .
Answer to the point: "Which composer, born in Grenoble in
What notable vastly wealthy Budapest-born financier announced his retirement from managing external investment funds in 2011?  True:  George Soros  pred:   (U.S. News & World Report)
Answer to the point: What notable
The American journalist Ida Tarbell is known for her expose of the corrupt practices of which giant company? John D. Rockefeller probably hated her!  True:  Standard Oil  pred:   Elbert C. Gary was a founder of the Virginian Railway and a founder
Which ex Prime Minister died at his home in Hawarden in 1898?  True:  GLADSTONE  pred:   Answer to the point: Which ex Prime Minister died at his home in Hawarden
What is the state capital of Ohio  True:  Columbus  pred:  ?
A. Cincinnati
B. Cincinnati
C. Columbus
D. Columbus
What nationality was three time Olympic gold medallist in figure skating Sonja Henie?  True:  Norwegian  pred:   Answer to the point: What nationality was three time Olympic gold medallist in
The German's called it the Siegfried Line, what did the allies call it?  True:  THE HINDENBERG LINE  pred:   Answer to the point: The German's called it the Siegfried Line,
What is the capital of the U S state of Pennsylvania?  True:  Harrisburg  pred:    The capital of the U S state of Pennsylvania is Harrisburg.
This is
What was the name of Ian McEwan's Booker Prize winning novel of 1998?  True:  Amsterdam  pred:   1. On Chesil Beach 2. Atonement 3.
Eventually a newspaper photographer for the Daily Bugle, what is the alter ego of Spiderman?  True:  Peter Parker  pred:   1. Iron Man 2. Iron Man 3. Iron Man
Astana is the capital of which country?  True:  Kazakhstan  pred:   1. Turkmenistan 2. Uzbekistan 3. Kazakhstan
What is the first name of Irish singer Van Morrison?  True:  George  pred:   1. Belfast 2. Dublin 3. Dublin 4. Dublin
Which indigenous people call their country Aotearoa?  True:  Maori  pred:   Aotearoa is the Māori name for New Zealand. It is
What is the capital of Belize called?  True:  BELMOPAN  pred:   The capital of Belize is Belmopan. Founded in 1970,
What is the title of William Shakespeare’s shortest play?  True:  The Comedy of Errors  pred:   1. All's Well That Ends Well 2. Troilus and
Which was the first of the Mr. Men characters to be created by cartoonist Roger Hargreaves?  True:  MR TICKLE  pred:    Cartoonist Roger Hargreaves created the Mr. Men and Little Miss
Rugby League - which country are the current holders of the European Cup?  True:  WALES  pred:   Answer to the point: Rugby League - which country are the current holders of the
Who was Wolfe’s opposing French general who died with him on the Plains of Abraham?  True:  Montcalm  pred:   (U.S. Army Major General Wilhelm von Knyphausen
Lord
A colony of Britain until 1956, with the capital city of Khartoum, the south of what African country became an independent state in July 2011?  True:  Sudan  pred:   Answer to the point: A colony of Britain until 1956, with the
"Which American country singer, the younger sister of singer Loretta Lynn, had 18 #1 country hits during the 1970s and 1980s, and is best known for a series of country-pop crossover hits including ""Don't It Make My Brown Eyes Blue""?"  True:  Crystal Gayle  pred:  ?
Answer to the point: "Which American country singer, the younger sister of
The father of three 'Peter Griffin' is the title character of which American animated TV series?  True:  'FAMILY GUY'  pred:   Answer to the point: The father of three 'Peter Griffin' is the title
What element is the main constituent of anthracite?  True:  CARBON  pred:   1. Carbon 2. copper 3. gold 4. iron
Which hit for 'Wet Wet Wet' was the biggest-selling single in Britain in 1994?  True:  'LOVE IS ALL AROUND'  pred:   1) "Love Is All Around" 2) "Love Is All
What is the Japanese word for the sash worn as a belt in traditional dress (kimonos and martial arts uniforms, etc)?  True:  Obi  pred:    Cartoonists frequently use the word “sash” as a euphemism
What name was collectively given to the sons of Poseidon, who dwelt with him at the bottom of the sea?  True:  Tritons  pred:   :
Answer to the point: What name was collectively given to the sons of Pose
What type of building is likely to have a minaret?  True:  Mosque  pred:   1) A mosque 2) A church 3) A synagogue
Where is the Headquarters of Boeing?  True:  SEATTLE  pred:   1. 2. 3. 4. 5.
Oil from oil wells was first used for what?  True:  Evaporate brine to produce salt  pred:   A. heat
Answer to the point: Oil from oil wells was first used
Who created the Star Wars series of films?  True:  George Lucas  pred:   The answer is Star Wars: A New Hope, which was released in 197
Which is the only mammal of the order Proboscidea?  True:  ELEPHANT  pred:   1. Elephant 2. Hippopotamus 3. Rhinoc
What is the minimum number of points needed to win a tiebreak in tennis, such as in the Hopman Cup for mixed doubles, on the ATP and WTA tours for doubles and sometmes in USTA league play?  True:  10  pred:    Also, what is the minimum number of points needed to win a tiebreak
Which singer picked up three Ivor Novello awards in May, including songwriter of the year for her hit single, The Fear?  True:  Lily Allen  pred:   The answer is Kylie Minogue, who remained one of the best-selling music artists
"Which British actress won this year's U.S. Emmy award for best actress for her role in the drama series ""Mildred Pierce""?"  True:  KATE WINSLET  pred:   1. Natalie Portman 2. Susan Sarandon 3. Susan
Traditional Latin pluralization of Latin-originating words ending in 'us' is to replace the 'us' with?  True:  i  pred:   – Who needs ANSWERS
Answer to the point: Traditional Latin pluralization of
In which country would you traditionally see a settlement called a Kibbutz?  True:  Israel  pred:   1. Egypt 2. Jordan 3. Israel 4. Palestine
Who painted Girl with a Pearl Earring?  True:  Johannes Vermeer  pred:    Vermeer worked in his house in Delft from 1632 to
What Missouri town calls itself the “Live Music Show Capital of the World”?  True:  Branson  pred:   Answer: St. Louis. Oh, and don’t forget a couple of these
Cut, colour, clarity and carat are all considered when purchasing what?  True:  Diamonds  pred:   1.
Answer to the point: Cut, colour, clarity and carat
In what decade was Darwin's 'On the Origin of Species' first published?  True:  1850s  pred:   A. 1859 B. 1860 C. 1861 D
The Greek architect Konstantinos Apostolos Doxiadis is best remembered for designing which Asian capital city?  True:  ISLAMABAD  pred:   (a) Bangkok (b) Buenos Aires (c) Kagoshima (
Toussaint Louverture was the founding father of what country?  True:  Haiti  pred:   1. France 2. Haiti 3. France and Haiti 4
What was the name of the driver of the mail train robbed by the great train robbers  True:  Jack Mills  pred:  ?
Answer to the point: What was the name of the driver of the mail
Which of Puccini's operatic characters commits suicide with her father's sword?  True:  'MADAME BUTTERFLY'  pred:   1) Calaf in Turandot 2) Pinkerton in Mad
What was the former name of the British Green Party?  True:  Ecology Party  pred:    The Federal Republic of Germany (German: Bundesrepublik Deutschland, literally
Benina international airport is in which country?  True:  Libya  pred:   Answer to the point: Benina international airport is in which country?
Answer to
For which trade is Saville Row best known?  True:  Tailoring  pred:   1. luggage 2. luggage 3. Erectile dysfunction 4.
Which actress married Dennis Quaid on Valentine's Day in 1991?  True:  Meg Ryan  pred:   Keeping up with the Kardashians star Nicole Richie and Snow White And The Huntsman
"Which composer wrote the musical for the 18th-century opera, ""Idomeneo""?"  True:  Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart  pred:   The German composer Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart (1756-1791) wrote
Which motorcycle company introduced the Jet Ski in 1972?  True:  Kawasaki  pred:   Answer to the point: Which motorcycle company introduced the Jet Ski in 1972
What is the common name for Hydrocephalus, a pathological condition whereby fluid is retained within the skull?  True:  Water on the brain  pred:   It is categorised asAutosomal dominant polycystic kidney disease (AD
What is the name of the German magazine which claimed in 1983 to have found Hitler's diaries?  True:  Stern  pred:   Hint: Its name is the most common biblical place name in the world.
Answer
What name is given to the road junction in North Yorkshire, where the Al meets the A66?  True:  SCOTCH CORNER  pred:    The answer is Thirsk, and the start of the A66 is
The ancient symbol the fylfot, is more controversially commonly known as (what?), derived from Sanskrit 'wellbeing', from 'su' (good) and 'asti' (being)?  True:  Swastika  pred:   Or is it derived from the major character of the Yggdrasil tree,
"The three actors who played guitar in the band in the film ""Spinal Tap"" got together again as a folk trio ""The Folksmen"" in which film?"  True:  A Mighty Wind  pred:  "
Answer to the point: "The three actors who played guitar in the band
Tomorrow marks the 109th anniversary of which great American taking the reins of the presidency following the death of William McKinley?  True:  Theodore Roosevelt  pred:   Answer: Two days later, on September 14, 1901, President
Hansen's Disease is better known as what?  True:  Leprosy  pred:   A. leprosy B. leprosy C. leprosy D
What does a costermonger sell?  True:  Fruit  pred:   1. cabbages 2. onions 3. potatoes 4
What was Walter Matthau's first movie?  True:  The Kentuckian  pred:   Answer to the point: What was Walter Matthau's first movie?
Answer to
Which firework is said to be named after an instrument of torture on which a saint is said to have been martyred?  True:  Catherine Wheel  pred:   The origin of the rabbit’s foot is often disputed, but it is certain that
Which operatic heroine dies by throwing herself from the Castel Sant’Angelo in Rome?  True:  TOSCA  pred:   (a) Brangäne in Wagner’s Tannhäuser (
What name is given to the study of insects ?  True:  ENTOMOLOGY  pred:   1. Entomology 2. systematic entomology 3.
"What movie featured the song ""The Time Warp""?"  True:  The Rocky Horror Picture Show  pred:   is Chitty Chitty Bang Bang.
A Funny Thing Happened on the Way
Who had parts in ‘St. Elmo’s Fire’, ‘About Last Night …’ and ‘Wayne’s World’?  True:  ROB LOWE  pred:   That’s right, Mandy Patinkin. Mandy Patinkin in
August 2, 1990 saw Iraq invading what country, sparking a series of events that culminated in the 1st Gulf War?  True:  Kuwait  pred:   1. Saudi Arabia 2. Kuwait 3. Iran 4.
In what game do you score a point for having His Nobs or His Nibs?  True:  Cribbage  pred:   Are you going to put a variety of points on the board to indicate the number
Which Frenchman, who never learned to speak Swedish, became King Charles XIV John of Sweden and Norway?  True:  Jean Baptiste Bernadotte  pred:   Answer to the point: Which Frenchman, who never learned to speak Swedish,
What is the more common term for the affliction called epistaxis the occurrence of which suggests sexual arousal in Japanese manga and anime?  True:  Nosebleed  pred:   Answer to the point: What is the more common term for the affliction called
For a point each, name the animals mentioned in the opening verse of that classic 1876 song Home on the Range  True:  Buffalo, Deer, Antelope  pred:  .
Answer to the point: For a point each, name the animals mentioned in
"According to the song lyrics where can ""you check out any time you like, but you can never leave""?"  True:  HOTEL CALIFORNIA  pred:   The first line of Sting's song "If You Love Somebody Set Them Free"
Replacing the unofficial E. Pluribis Unum, what phrase did the US adopt as its' national motto on July 30, 1956?  True:  In God we trust  pred:   1. E Pluribus Unum 2. E Pluribus
The melody for which famous song was written by sisters and school teachers Patty and Mildred Hill in Kentucky in 1893?  True:  Happy Birthday  pred:   1.Frère Jacques 2.Auld Lang Syne 3
What was the first British football team to win the European Cup?  True:  Celtic  pred:   2004–2006–2007–2008–2009–
John Chapter 11 Verse 35 is the shortest verse in the Bible. How many words make up the verse?  True:  Two  pred:   Its meaning of view Full Answer
Answer to the point: John Chapter 11
Who does Emilio Estevez play in the 1988 film ‘Young Guns’?  True:  Billy the Kid  pred:   1) Bill Chadwick 2) and 3) Bill Chadwick
Which constituency did Harold Macmillan represent when he was Prime Minister?  True:  BROMLEY  pred:   1. Ormskirk 2. Orpington 3.
From the Greek words for dry and plant what word is given to a plant that has adapted to survive in an environment with little available water?  True:  Xerophyte  pred:   1. succulent 2. xerophyte 3. x
What is the longest river in Canada?  True:  Mackenzie River  pred:   The longest river in Canada is the Mackenzie River. The Mackenzie River is
In which European country is the HQ of the food company, Nestle ?  True:  SWITZERLAND  pred:   Answer to the point: In which European country is the HQ of the food company
What was the name of the family in the 1960s TV series `Upstairs Downstairs'?  True:  BELLAMY  pred:   1. Woolley 2. Carstairs 3. Carstairs
Taphephobia is the abnormal fear of being what?  True:  Buried alive  pred:   1. gone 2. dead 3. misplaced 4. misplaced
"Which actress played the Bond Girl, ""Solitaire"" in the film ""Live and Let Die""?"  True:  Jane Seymour  pred:   1. Martine Beswick 2. Martine Beswick 3
Who is featured on Puff Daddy's Can't Hold Me Down?  True:  Mase  pred:   Aug 11, 2016
Posted on May 20, 201
Mark Bolland is the current Dutch born CEO of which retail chain?  True:  Marks & Spencer  pred:   Answer to the point: Mark Bolland is the current Dutch born CEO of which
Which is the largest borough in New York City?  True:  Queens  pred:   Manhattan is the largest borough in New York City, with an estimated population of
"Who developed the men's scent ""I Am King"", which was first marketed in February 2009?"  True:  Sean Combs  pred:   21 September 2009
Answer to the point: "Who developed the
What planets orbit takes it the furthest away from the sun?  True:  Neptune  pred:   1. Venus 2. Mars 3. Jupiter 4. Saturn
Just north of Bolton, on which English motorway will you find Rivington Services?  True:  M61  pred:   The answer is the M6 to the south, and the M61 to the
Which is the only country on mainland Europe to be in the same time zone as the UK?  True:  Portugal  pred:   Answer to the point: Which is the only country on mainland Europe to be in
Who was the British Admiral who died in 1707 when four of his ships were wrecked in the Scilly Isles?  True:  Sir Cloudesley Shovell  pred:   (a) Edward Hawke (b) Sir George Rooke (c)
In Greek mythology, who were Arges, Brontes and Steropes?  True:  Cyclopes  pred:   (Greek Mythology)
Answer to the point: In Greek mythology, who were
Which country, formerly known as Pleasant Island, is the smallest island country in the world?  True:  NAURU  pred:   Hint: Its sovereignty over the archipelago is disputed.
A. Fiji

To within five years either way, in which year was the Boy Scout movement founded by Robert Baden-Powell?  True:  1907  pred:   A. 1910 B. 1914 C. 1918 D
Who presents the new BBC documentary Science Britannica?  True:  Professor Brian Cox  pred:   Hopefully, everyone should be able to see it of course. Hopefully, it will
Miami Beach in Florida borders which ocean?  True:  Atlantic  pred:   A. Atlantic Ocean B. Gulf of Mexico C. Caribbean Sea D. Atlantic
Which modern-day country staged the sailing events for the 1980 Moscow Olympics?  True:  Estonia  pred:   1. Australia 2. Germany 3. Great Britain 4.
If you had a seal point and/or a blue point, what breed of cat do you have?  True:  Siamese  pred:   Answer to the point: If you had a seal point and/or a blue point
What organisation was formed in 1670 when King Charles II of England granted a charter to Prince Rupert and others to give them large tracts of land and the trading rights over a large area?  True:  Hudson's Bay Company  pred:   Hint: Its name is the Somers Isles Company.
Answer to the point:
Which sculptor's works include St Michael's Victory over the Devil at Coventry Cathedral and Jacob and the Angel?  True:  JACOB EPSTEIN  pred:   The Sistine Chapel ceiling was painted between 1508 and 1512.
Italian brothers Francesco and Edoardo Molinari play what sport?  True:  Golf  pred:   Answer to the point: Italian brothers Francesco and Edoardo Molinari play
Which town was the birthplace of David Garrick?  True:  HEREFORD  pred:   1. York 2. Manchester 3. York 4. Manchester
How is the number 14 written in Roman numerals?  True:  XIV  pred:   Read and learn for free about the following article: Roman numerals are written and
By what name is singer 'Anthony Dominic Benevetto' better known?  True:  Tony Bennett  pred:   1. 2. 3. 4. 5.
Who painted The Luncheon of the Boating Party in 1881?  True:  Pierre-Auguste Renoir  pred:   The identity of the identity of the identity of the identity of the identity of the
In Greek mythology, Tiresias disclosed the crimes of who?  True:  Oedipus  pred:   1. Heracles 2. Deucalion 3. Theseus
"""Holding Back the Years"", was a US No 1 hit record for which British pop group?"  True:  SIMPLY RED  pred:   the Beatles" in 1982. The song was written by the group's
Followers of what cult leader committed mass suicide by drinking Flavor-Ade?  True:  Jim Jones  pred:   The answer is Martin Luther King, Jr. January 15, 1968
Benina international airport is in which country?  True:  Libya  pred:   Answer to the point: Benina international airport is in which country?
Answer to
Which city is the headquarters of the Mormon church  True:  Salt Lake City  pred:  ?
Answer to the point: Which city is the headquarters of the Mormon church?

Who played the part of Tony Wilson in the film '24 Hour Party People'?  True:  STEVE COOGAN  pred:   24 Hour Party People is a 2002 British drama film directed by Michael
Which type of fish is used to make an Arbroath Smokie?  True:  Haddock  pred:   Arbroath Smokies are made from haddock, which is a type of
In Greek mythology, what was the name of the nymphs who tended the garden from where Heracles stole golden apples?  True:  Hesperides  pred:   Answer to the point: In Greek mythology, what was the name of the nymph
The German company Recaro famously produces what high-performance product?  True:  Seats  pred:   1. high-performance cars 2. high-performance surfboards 3.
Gwyl San Steffan is the name for 26th December (St Stephen's Day or Boxing Day) in which country?  True:  Wales  pred:   Answer to the point: Gwyl San Steffan is the name for
Which legendary sunken land lies off the Isles of Scilly, to the south-west of Cornwall?  True:  Lyonesse  pred:    The answer is Kidd's Island, one of the Isles of Scilly.
In what year did Captain Matthew Webb become the first to swim the English Channel?  True:  1875  pred:   The answer is June 13, 1875.
There is no evidence that
Which 'Smokey' Robinson hit took 'Japan' to number nine in 1982?  True:  'I SECOND THAT EMOTION'  pred:   1982 was the year of the release of the heavy metal band Judas
Whose portrait (apart from the Queen) appeared on the now defunct one pound note?  True:  ISAAC NEWTON  pred:   The answer is "Prime Minister of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland
In which part of the body will you find the 'Ligamentum nuchae'?  True:  The Neck  pred:   1. The connection between costal cartilages. 2. The
Who founded the TV production company 'David Paradine Productions'?  True:  DAVID FROST  pred:   1) David Paradine 2) David Paradine Productions 3)
"Which political philosopher wrote ""The Theory of Moral Sentiments"" and ""An Inquiry into the Nature and Causes of the Wealth of Nations""?"  True:  Adam Smith  pred:  ?
Answer to the point: "Which political philosopher wrote ""The Theory of Moral
Which Scottish percussionist born in 1965 has been deaf since the age of 12?  True:  Evelyn Glennie  pred:   (a) Ray Cooper (b) Ray Cooper (c) Ray Cooper (
What term describes a vertical stone bar separating the panes of a window, often found in Gothic architecture ?  True:  MULLION  pred:   1. windows, 2. windows, 3. windows,
What is in a human's thoracic cavity?  True:  Lungs  pred:   - WiseGeek
Answer to the point: What is in a human's
G-BOAG, G-BOAC, and F-BVFC and the tragic F-BTSC designated what iconic 20thC invention?  True:  Concorde  pred:   1) the electric motor 2) the internal combustion engine 3)
What country is the world's largest producer of Tobacco?  True:  China  pred:   Answer to the point: What country is the world's largest producer of Tobacco?

The popular 'Humming Chorus' comes from which Puccini opera?  True:  Madame Butterfly  pred:   1. La bohème 2. Tosca 3. Madama
US veterinary pathologist Daniel Salmon (1850-1914) oversaw the discovery of what, named eponymously?  True:  Salmonella  pred:   Salmonella typhimurium
Answer to the point: US veterinary path
Who first hosted Family Feud?  True:  Richard Dawson  pred:   Family Feud is an American version of Who Wants to Be a Millionaire?
In which town is the Octagon Theatre?  True:  Bolton  pred:   1) Wolverhampton 2) Stoke-on-Trent 3)
Who in 1845, wrote the poem 'The Pied Piper of Hamlin'?  True:  ROBERTBROWNING  pred:   Hint: The history of the Pied Piper of Hamelin has it that he was
What claimed the life of singer Kathleen Ferrier?  True:  Cancer  pred:   She was killed in a plane crash while serving with the Royal Air Force in Thailand
In which film does Dustin Hoffman play Enrico Salvatore (Ratso) Rizzo?  True:  MIDNIGHT COWBOY  pred:   Answer to the point: In which film does Dustin Hoffman play Enrico Salvatore
"Which outdoor game is won by ""pegging out"  True:  Croquet  pred:  ?
Answer to the point: "Which outdoor game is won by ""pegging
First put on sale last week, Decision Points, currently ranked #1 in books on Amazon.com, is a memoir by what politician?  True:  George W. Bush  pred:   (1) George W. Bush, (2) Barack Obama, (3
Which coral atoll, the largest island in the Chagos Archipelago, was forcibly depopulated in 1971 to make way for a joint UK/USA military base?  True:  DIEGO GARCIA  pred:   The remainder of the archipelago was amicably handed over to Mauritius
What type of food dish is a ‘London Particular’?  True:  Soup  pred:   This is a recipe for toad in the hole, which is a dish made
Which National Trail runs for 268 miles from Edale to Kirk Yetholm?  True:  Pennine Way  pred:   Hint: Its former name was the Pennine Way.
Answer to the point:
What is the term for the thousands of rocky or icy bodies orbiting the sun between Jupiter and Mars?  True:  Asteroid Belt  pred:    As viewed from Earth, all of these objects revolve around the sun in
The home row for what keyboard layout is (from left to right) aoeuidhtbs-?  True:  Dvorak  pred:    It is the golden wattle (syn. green wattle) (Ac
Which American played in his 10th Ryder Cup in 2014?  True:  PHIL MICKELSON  pred:   Answer to the point: Which American played in his 10th Ryder Cup in
In which European city is Kurtfurstendamm the main shopping street?  True:  BERLIN  pred:   1) Brussels 2) Brussels 3) Brussels 4) Brussels
Who was the Whig Prime Minister of Great Britain from 1835 to 1841?  True:  VISCOUNT MELBOURNE  pred:   Answer to the point: Who was the Whig Prime Minister of Great Britain from
Who founded the 'London Philharmonic Orchestra' in 1931?  True:  Sir Thomas Beecham  pred:   Enrico Caruso was one of the most famous singers of the 20th
Who became BBC Radio One Breakfast Show presenter in June 1973?  True:  Noel Edmonds  pred:   Louis Theroux is a British journalist, author, and television presenter. He has
The lead singer of which band is known as Suggs?  True:  Madness  pred:   1) Queen 2) Fleetwood Mac 3) Elvis Costello
Name the year: The Macintosh is introduced, Louisiana hosted the last World’s Fair to be held in the US, Vanessa Williams resigns her Miss America crown, Band Aid records the song “Do They Know It’s Christmas” for famine relief, Union Carbide wipes out a good chunk of Bhopal, India  True:  1984  pred:  , Andrew Lloyd Webber’s The Phantom of the Opera opens on Broadway at the
In which river is the Boulder Dam?  True:  Colorado  pred:   1. Deschutes River 2. Yamhill River 3.
Who is the Greek God of War?  True:  ARES  pred:   The Greek God of War is Ares. Ares is the god of war
Following the break-up of The Beatles, what was the title of George Harrison's first solo album?  True:  All Things Must Pass  pred:   Answer to the point: Following the break-up of The Beatles, what was the
In which English cathedral is the tomb of King John?  True:  Worcester  pred:   1. Westminster Abbey 2. York Minster 3. Durham Cathedral
Who did the British fight at the Battle of Rorke's Drift in 1879?  True:  Zulus  pred:   Hint: It wasn't the Zulus.
Answer to the point: Who did
O UGLY NINE is an anagram of which singer songwriter?  True:  Neil Young  pred:    Lucy Lawless
Answer to the point: O UGLY
Of all the rugby teams to have participated in the 2008- 2009 Guinness Premiership, which team is furthest west?  True:  BRISTOL  pred:   The answer is Leeds Carnegie.
Leeds Carnegie 2008-2009 Match
What product invented by Frederick Walton in 1864 became so widely used and 'stepped on' that the name became generic just 14 years after its invention?  True:  Linoleum  pred:   (U.S. Patent No. 183,024)
What product invented by
Chesney Allen formed a double act with which famous entertainer?  True:  Bud Flanagan  pred:   1. Abbott and Costello 2. Flanagan and Allen 3
What was abolished by the Supreme Court in 1972, but reinstated in 1976?  True:  Death Penalty  pred:   A. U.S. naturalization laws B. U.S. bankruptcy laws C
Rolls Royce dashboards are traditionally finished in the veneer of which type of wood?  True:  Walnut  pred:   Answer to the point: Rolls Royce dashboards are traditionally finished in the vene
Which Scottish University was established as the world's first Mechanics Institute in 1821 ?  True:  HERIOT-WATT  pred:   The University of St Andrews, the University of Glasgow and the University of Stirling
'Baby Come Back' was a number one hit in 1968 for which group, founded by Eddy Grant?  True:  'THE EQUALS'  pred:    (a) Bad Company  (b) The Police  (c)
Which English novelist is best known for his Father Brown detective series?  True:  G K Chesterton  pred:   (a) Jedediah Berry (b) Jedediah Berry (c
In which country was the inventor of the machine gun Hiram Maxim born?  True:  USA  pred:   Answer to the point: In which country was the inventor of the machine gun H
Which Cricket county's ' Twenty / 20 ' team are known as the ' Foxes ' ?  True:  LEICESTERSHIRE  pred:   1 New Zealand 2 England 3 Australia 4 South Africa 5
Which British-American actress died on 23rd March 2011, aged 79?  True:  Elizabeth Taylor  pred:   (a) Zoë Wanamaker (b) Annette Bening (
In 2009, who was convicted of the murder of Lana Clarkson?  True:  Phil Spector  pred:   1) O. J. Simpson 2) O. J. Simpson
The flag of Libya is a plain rectangle of which color?  True:  Green  pred:   The flag of Libya is constituted of three equal horizontal bands of red (top),
Ashton Carter, appointed USA Secretary of Defense in 2015, succeeded whom?  True:  Chuck Hagel  pred:   Answer to the point: Kennedy, appointed USA Secretary of State in 1961
A footpad was a criminal from the 16th to 19th century but what term is used to describe them today?  True:  MUGGER  pred:   1) Listicle 2) Brain fade 3) Cement 4
Which British monarch founded the Yeomen of the Guard, originally as a royal bodyguard?  True:  Henry VII  pred:   (a) William Rufus (duke of Normandy) (b)
"In which old children's TV programme did the ""biggest spotty dog you ever did see"" feature?"  True:  THE WOODENTOPS  pred:   1. Tiswas 2. Tiswas 3. T
Which Serbian football club is the only one from that country to win an UEFA completion?  True:  RED STAR BELGRADE  pred:   Answer to the point: Which Serbian football club is the only one from that country
Which city in Saxony was known as Karl-Marx-Stadt from 1953 until 1990?  True:  CHEMNITZ  pred:   1. Dresden 2. Leipzig 3. Chemnitz 4
Robert Hubert was hanged for confessing to what?  True:  Starting the Great Fire  pred:   1. murder 2. treason 3. arson 4. and
Also known as the Roland Garros, what is the Grand Slam Tennis event that started this week on the clay courts?  True:  French Open  pred:   1. Wimbledon 2. US Open 3. Australian Open 4
What company's mascots include a gecko, a caveman, and a talking pile of money?  True:  Geico  pred:   The United States Postal Service

The United States Postal Service (USPS) is
What author observed, "Any sufficiently advanced technology is indistinguishable from magic"?  True:  Arthur C. Clarke  pred:  <|begin_of_text|>Question: What author observed, "Any sufficiently advanced technology is indistinguishable
Which literary character is the best known creation of the writer Earl Derr Biggers?  True:  CHARLIE CHAN  pred:   1. Sam Spade 2. Nick and Nora Charles 3.
Babaotai Chuanwen refers to the so-called 'Eight (what?) Scandal' in Chinese news, Feb 2012?  True:  Baby  pred:  `18
: Answer to the point: Babaotai Chuanwen refers
In the US television show ‘The Sopranos’, which country permanently banned Janice Soprano from entering after putting her on an Unwanted Persons list?  True:  Canada  pred:   1. Australia 2. United Kingdom 3. United States 4
The rules for what card game state: A standard 52 card deck is used, with the cards in each suit ranking as usual from ace (high) down to two (low). Each heart is worth one penalty point and the queen of spades is worth 13 penalty points. The other cards have no value. The object is to avoid scoring points. On the first hand after a deal, each player any 3 cards to the person to their left. On the second hand, cards are passed to the right, across on the third hand, and no cards are passed on the fourth. The cycle continues. The person who holds the 2 of clubs must lead the first trick. The game continues until a player has scored 100 points.  True:  Hearts  pred:   The winner is the player with the most points at the end of the game.

Who wrote 'The Legend Of Sleepy Hollow'?  True:  WASHINGTON IRVING  pred:   Hint: It’s not the narrator, the main character, or the main character
Sardinian, Cetti’s and Dartford are among varieties of which bird?  True:  Warbler  pred:   Sardinian, Cetti’s and Dartford are among varieties of which bird
In 1932 Margaret Kelly founded which famous all-female dancing troupe?  True:  The Bluebell Girls  pred:   1. the Scala in London 2. the Jacksons in Berlin
What public school did the Duke of Edinburgh and Prince Charles attend?  True:  Gordonston  pred:   The Duke of Edinburgh and Prince Charles both attended Gordonstoun School in Scotland.
Who was the 8th President of the United States from 1837- 1841?  True:  MARTIN VAN BUREN  pred:   Answer to the point: Who was the 8th President of the United States
“Instrument for measuring the humidity of air or gas.” A definition of what?  True:  HYGROMETER  pred:   What is the etymology of the word chemistry? What is the etymology of
The invention of what in 1867, made Alfred Nobel famous?  True:  Dynamite  pred:   1. dynamite 2. dynamite 3. dynamite
Which 85 year old former MP is the only female member of the Order of Merit?  True:  BETTY BOOTHROYD  pred:   Answer to the point: Which 85 year old former MP is the only female
In the 1950s which tennis player entered the Wimbledon Ladies Singles three times winning oh each occasion?  True:  Maureen Connolly  pred:   (a) Maureen Connolly (b) Darlene Hard (c)
Neal Foulds, John Dunning and Mark Williams are associated with which sport?  True:  Snooker  pred:   Answer to the point: Neal Foulds, John Dunning and Mark Williams
Who was the defending champion when Martina Navratilova first won Wimbledon singles?  True:  Virginia Wade  pred:   Answer to the point: Who was the defending champion when Martina Navratil
Which motorway links Coventry to Leicester?  True:  M69  pred:   Answer to the point: Which motorway links Coventry to Lincoln? Answer to
What is the final event in a decathlon?  True:  1500 metres  pred:   1. 2. 3. 4. 5.
What is the name of the drunken robot in the TV series Futurama?  True:  BENDER  pred:   1) Bender 2) Leela 3) Fry 4)
What is the US state capital of Louisiana?  True:  Baton Rouge  pred:   1. Baton Rouge 2. New Orleans 3. Shreveport
Who won the 2010 Giro D'Italia?  True:  Ivan Basso  pred:   The Tour de France began in 1903 and became the Tour de France in
Edward Stanley served three terms as Prime Minister in the 19th century, he was known by what title?  True:  Earl of Derby  pred:   1. The Earl of Derby 2. The Earl of Derby 3
Which British king married Mary of Teck?  True:  GEORGE V  pred:   Under common law, marriage to a Roman Catholic without the consent of the king was
In 'Scarface' which character was played by Al Pacino?  True:  Tony Montana  pred:   Answer to the point: In 'Scarface' which character was played by Al
Jupiter ; Saturn and Uranus are three of the so-called ' gas giants ' in our Solar System: what is the fourth ?  True:  NEPTUNE  pred:   Answer to the point: Mercury, Venus, Earth, Mars, Jupiter, Saturn
What is the name used in North America for a man who makes his living by felling trees?  True:  Lumberjack  pred:   1. Forester 2. Foreman 3. Foreman
The Nullarbor Plain is in which country?  True:  Australia  pred:   1. Australia 2. New Zealand 3. Great Britain 4
The fictional country of the Republic of Elbonia, supposedly somewhere in the former Soviet bloc, is featured in which comic strip?  True:  Dilbert  pred:   Hint: It's a cross between Huckleberry Finn: The Adventure Begins and
Which British-American actress died on 23rd March 2011, aged 79?  True:  Elizabeth Taylor  pred:   (a) Zoë Wanamaker (b) Annette Bening (
Lasting from 1299 to 1922, the Ottoman empire roughly corresponds to what modern day country?  True:  Turkey  pred:   A. Iraq B. Iran C. Syria D. Syria
Answer to the
"Written and first recorded in 1937, ""One O'Clock Jump"" became the theme tune of which orchestra?"  True:  COUNT BASIE ORCHESTRA  pred:   1. Modern Jazz Quartet 2. Modern Jazz Quartet 3
What type of bird was the first released by Noah?  True:  Raven  pred:   1. The petrel 2. The petrel 3. The
Hans Holbein the Younger was court painter to which English monarch?  True:  Henry VIII  pred:   A) Henry VIII B) Edward VI C) Mary I D) Elizabeth I
The rotator cuff is a group of muscles and tendons that act to stabilize which part of the body?  True:  Shoulder  pred:   1. glenohumeral joint 2.proximal humerus
"What purple berry from South America has been promoted as a ""superfood""?"  True:  Açaí berry  pred:   1) cranberry 2) blueberry 3) blackberry
Lutra lutra is the Latin name of which British mammal?  True:  Otter  pred:   1. Lynx 2. Fox 3. Badger 4
What name is given to a positive whole number that can only be divided by 1 or itself?  True:  Prime  pred:   1) 1 2) 2 3) 3
Who wrote the 1930’s novel ‘Tender is the Night’?  True:  F. Scott Fitzgerald  pred:   The book was written by F. Scott Fitzgerald an American writer who was best known
What was the Spice Girls' debut single called?  True:  Wannabee  pred:   1. "Wannabe" 2. "Spice Up Your
According to the film Gremlins, if you are looking after a Gremlin you should not feed him after midnight, not get him wet and not expose him to what?  True:  Bright Light  pred:   1) Hot water, 2) cold water, 3) long
Bithynia was an ancient province on which sea?  True:  BLACK SEA  pred:   1. the Black Sea 2. the Mediterranean Sea 3. the
Which Frenchman was the founder of the modern games?  True:  Baron de Coubertin  pred:   1) Antoine de Saint-Exupéry 2) Charles de Gaul
"What is the meaning of the word ""furrow""?"  True:  Narrow trench  pred:  .
Answer to the point: "What is the meaning of the word ""fur
In what decade was Darwin's 'On the Origin of Species' first published?  True:  1850s  pred:   A. 1859 B. 1860 C. 1861 D
In which English town or city is Her Majesty's Prison Foston Hall?  True:  Derby  pred:   1. East Yorkshire 2. Kent 3. Oxfordshire 4
Which 'Regal' male singer provided the half-time entertainment for the 2007 Superbowl?  True:  Prince  pred:   1. Prince 2. Beyonce 3. Michael Jackson 4
Which island group became known as The Friendly Islands?  True:  Tonga  pred:   A. Melanesia B. Micronesia C. Polynesia D
Which is the sixth book of the New Testament, following Acts?  True:  EPISTLE TO THE ROMANS  pred:   It is one of the Gospels, along with Matthew, Mark, Luke,
What hero from Greek mythology was killed by a discus thrown by Apollo, who then named a flower after him, made from his spilled blood?  True:  Hyacinth  pred:   1. Aeneas
Answer to the point: What hero from Greek
In the nursery rhyme, which was the last creature eaten by the woman who swallowed a fly?  True:  A Horse  pred:   1.
Answer to the point: In the nursery rhyme, which was the
Which branch of the US federal police, the oldest, is charged with court security, prisoner transport, serving arrest warrants and seeking fugitives?  True:  US Marshals Service  pred:   The Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) is charged with protecting civil rights,
Which cricketer holds the record of taking the most wickets in Test Matches for England?  True:  IAN BOTHAM  pred:   1. Stuart Broad 2. Stuart Broad 3. Stuart Broad
What was the name of the operation whereby 1,373 U.S. citizens and 5,595 Vietnamese and foreign nationals were evacuated from the South Vietnamese capital of Saigon on 29 and 30 April 1975?  True:  Operation Frequent Wind  pred:   Hint: The operation was deliberately named Operation Frequent Wind.
Answer to the point
What national capital is less than 100 kilometers from Tallinn?  True:  Helsinki  pred:   1. Salzburg 2. Columbus 3. Columbus 4.
What did Charles D. Barrow of Pennsylvania devise in 1934 and then sell to the Parker Bros. organisation?  True:  'MONOPOLY'  pred:   The trust began in 1934 when Charles D. Barrow of Pennsylvania be
Noel Coward died in 1973. In which country?  True:  Jamaica  pred:   1. United Kingdom 2. United States 3. Australia 4
What naturalist’s quest to save Rwandan gorillas from poaching was made into the 1988 Academy Award-nominated film “Gorillas in the Mist”?  True:  Dian Fossey  pred:    Cartoonist Will Eisner was born in 1917 and died in
American Jazz musician John Coltrane is famous for playing which instrument?  True:  Saxophone  pred:   1. tenor saxophone 2. alto saxophone 3.
What name was given to a series of thirty evening radio speeches given by US President Franklin D. Roosevelt in 1933 and 1944?  True:  Fireside chats  pred:   1. The New Deal 2. The Great Depression 3. The
Which battle of 1897 brought Anglo-Egyptian control of Sudan?  True:  Omdurman  pred:   Hint: It was the Battle of Omdurman
Answer to the point
What is classed as the Blue Riband of the Henley Regatta  True:  Diamond Sculls  pred:  ?
The Oxford and Cambridge Boat Race
The Oxford and Cambridge Boat Race is a
The fictitious South American city/country El Dorado was abundant with?  True:  Gold  pred:   1. gold 2. silver 3. gold and silver 4
What type of bridge was used to bring water to Roman cities?  True:  Aqueduct  pred:   A. wood bridge B. wood bridge C. wood bridge D. wood bridge
Charcot-Marie-Tooth disease is an inherited muscle wasting disease affecting which part of the body?  True:  The legs  pred:   (a) lower limbs (b) upper limbs (c) lower limbs and
Which group had a number one hit in July 2010 with 'The Club Is Alive'?  True:  'JLS'  pred:   1. Black Eyed Peas 2. Jamie Foxx 3
What is the Japanese share index called?  True:  Nikkei  pred:   1. NIKKEI 225 2. NIKKEI
Name the Greek equivalent to the Roman goddess, Diana?  True:  ARTEMIS  pred:   A. Artemis B. Artemis C. Artemis D. Artemis
What is the second biggest city in the UK?  True:  Birmingham  pred:   1. Sheffield 2. Manchester 3. Liverpool 4. Birmingham
Which seabird that ranges widely in the Southern Ocean and the North Pacific has the largest wingspan of any existing birds?  True:  Albatross  pred:   It is the great frigatebird (Fregata skua) of the
In which town or city were most of the Bowie knives made  True:  Sheffield  pred:  ?
Answer to the point: In which town or city were most of the Bowie
Which 1989 music video of Madonna attracted criticism for showing images like her making love to Saint Martin de Porres, use of Catholic iconography including a scene where she develops stigmata as well as cross burning?  True:  """Like a Prayer"""  pred:   1989 music video of Madonna attracted criticism for showing images like her making love
The Philippines has 7,107 islands, which other Asian country is an archipelago of 17,504 islands?  True:  Indonesia  pred:   Answer to the point: The Philippines has 7,107 islands, which other
Robert Walden Cassotto achieved fame under what name?  True:  BOBBY DARIN  pred:   1. 2. 3. 4. 5.
Who co-starred with George Clooney in the 2013 movie Gravity?  True:  Sandra Bullock  pred:   1) Leonardo DiCaprio 2) Tom Hanks 3)
Which English town is known for its collection of concrete cows?  True:  Milton Keynes  pred:    The answer is Brighton in East Sussex is known for its collection of concrete cows
Babel Fish is an icon/metaphor/brand for instantaneous what?  True:  Translation  pred:   1. Brain fade 2. Seed 3. Seed 4.
What would a polyandric woman have more than one of?  True:  HUSBAND  pred:   1. What would a polyandric woman have more than one of?
"Which island is/was politically divided by the ""Attilla Line""?"  True:  CYPRUS  pred:  .
The island of Gotland on the Baltic Sea is divided in two by the
Lupine relates to which animal?  True:  Wolf  pred:   1. cats 2. dogs 3. cats and dogs 4
What is the name of the life-size plastic dummies in the television series Doctor Who, the first of which arrived on Earth in hollow plastic meteorites with deadly weapons concealed in their hands?  True:  Autons  pred:   1. Strategist 2. strategists 3. psychic 4
Creme Anglaise is the French version of which English dessert item?  True:  Custard  pred:   1) sticky toffee pudding 2) sticky toffee cake 3
At which castle was Mary Queen of Scots beheaded?  True:  Fotheringhay  pred:   1. Dunfermline 2. Falkland Castle 3.
What was bandleader Joe Loss's signature tune  True:  In The Mood  pred:  ?
Answer to the point: What was bandleader Joe Loss's signature tune
Which 20th century British prime minister had the longest surname ?  True:  CAMPBELL-BANNERMAN  pred:   The answer is Mrs Margaret Thatcher (18 September 1925 – 8 April
What is footballer Ryan Giggs real surname?  True:  Wilson  pred:   Giggs was born on February 3, 1967, in Dorset
Which Latin word is used for a recess in a church wall containing a basin for washing holy vessels?  True:  PISCINA  pred:   1. tapete 2. fumarium 3. fumar
What is the opposite of an acid?  True:  a Base  pred:   1. a base 2. a base 3. a base
On what river is the city of Norwich  True:  Wensum  pred:   located?
A. River Humber
B. River Yare
C.
Shire, Arabian, Mustang, and Hackney are types of?  True:  Horse  pred:   Thoroughbreds. Turks Head is a type of Golden Retriever.
A ‘gricer’ is a slang term for a what?  True:  TRAINSPOTTER  pred:   A prebiotic is a disaccharide, a disaccharide
Name Microsoft's hands-free gaming system launched in June 2010, a made-up word alluding to joining?  True:  Kinect  pred:   1. its HoloLens 2. its HoloLens 2
Founded in London in 1844 by George Williams, which organisation was established to provide low cost housing in a safe environment?  True:  YMCA  pred:   Answer to the point: Founded in London in 1844 by George Williams,
Alphabetically which is the last book of the Old Testament?  True:  ZEPHANIAH  pred:   1.
Answer to the point: Alphabetically which is the last book of
True or false a bird had more neck bones than a giraffe  True:  True  pred:  . 1. 2. 3. 4. 5.
"From which Beatles song do the following lyrics come, ""Nothing's going to change my world""?"  True:  'ACROSS THE UNIVERSE'  pred:   1) Taxi Driver 2)Back in the U.S.S.R
Which Radio 2 DJ christened ‘Dallas’ character Lucy Ewing ‘The Poison Dwarf’?  True:  Terry Wogan  pred:   (Ursula Andress)
Actress, producer and director Ursula And
What is the result of raising any number to the power of zero?  True:  1  pred:   1. 2. 3. 4. 5.
What is measured by a Hygrometer?  True:  Humidity  pred:   A hygrometer is a device used to measure the relative humidity of the air
Who was the only Prime Minister of Britain to be assassinated?  True:  Spencer Percival  pred:   Who was the last Prime Minister of Britain to be assassinated? Who was the
Composer Giacomo Puccini died leaving which opera unfinished?  True:  Turandot  pred:   A) Tosca B) Madama Butterfly C) Turandot D)
A group of which fish is called a Lap?  True:  Cod  pred:   1. Cod 2. Sturgeon 3. Sturgeon 4
The port of Mocha is in which country?  True:  Yemen  pred:   1. Kiribati 2. Indonesia 3.         Kirib
Bonar Law is the only Prime Minister not born in the UK. In which country was he born?  True:  Canada  pred:   Answer to the point: Bonar Law is the only Prime Minister not born in
In 'Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone' what is the name of the three-headed dog provided by 'Hagrid' to guard the trapdoor leading to the chamber where the stone was kept?  True:  'FLUFFY'  pred:   1.
Answer to the point: In 'Harry Potter and the Philosopher
Who killed Lee harvey Oswald?  True:  Jack Ruby  pred:   Wise Thoughts
Answer to the point: Who killed Lee harvey Oswald? Wise
In which country are the wine areas of Suhindol and Thrace?  True:  Bulgaria  pred:   Answer to the point: In which country are the wine areas of Suhind
The second act, set in the Land of Sweets, of which ballet by Tchaikovsky includes the Dance of the Reed Flutes?  True:  THE NUTCRACKER SUITE  pred:   1. Madam Butterfly 2. The Nutcracker 3.
Which bird was the emblem of Prussia?  True:  EAGLE  pred:   Answer to the point: Which bird was the emblem of Prussia?
Answer to
A wisp or walk is the collective noun for which group of birds? Latin name gallinago gallinago.  True:  Snipe  pred:   A wisp or walk is the collective noun for which group of birds?
Which South Wales town was formed when Margam and Aberavon combined in the 1920s?  True:  PORT TALBOT  pred:   1) Mumbles 2) Mumbles 3) Mumbles
In Norse mythology, who was best known for carrying a hammer?  True:  Thor  pred:   Answer to the point: In Norse mythology, who was best known for carrying a
Which is the largest of the United Arab Emirates?  True:  Abu Dhabi  pred:   Abu Dhabi is the largest city in the United Arab Emirates with a population of
‘Back to Bedlam’ was the debut album for which British singer?  True:  James Blunt  pred:   1) Siouxsie and the Banshees 2) Martin
Sandra Bullock won this year's 'Oscar' for Best Actress for her role as 'Leigh Anne Tuohy', in which film?  True:  'THE BLIND SIDE'  pred:   Answer to the point: Sandra Bullock won this year's 'Oscar'
Which 20th Century U.S. President was a Peanut Farmer?  True:  JIMMY CARTER  pred:   1. Harry S. Truman 2. Dwight D. Eisenhower 3
The axilla is the anatomical name for which part of the body?  True:  Armpit  pred:   1. leg? 2. leg? 3. arm?
Beers called Budweiser are named after a city of which modern nation?  True:  Czech Republic  pred:   1.
Answer to the point: Beers called Budweiser are named
Who was elected US President in November 2012?  True:  Barack Obama  pred:   Barack Obama, the first African American to be elected President of the United States (
Gary Busey played which pop star in a 1978 film?  True:  Buddy Holly  pred:   1. 2. 3. 4. 5.
Which band released the albums Sheer Heart Attack and A Day at the Races?  True:  Queen  pred:   1. Thin Lizzy 2. AC/DC 3. Sweet
What was the occupation of St Peter, the leader of the Apostles?  True:  Fisherman  pred:   Or, if you prefer, which of the apostles was martyred in Rome
In which street did the Great Fire of London originate  True:  Pudding Lane  pred:  ?
The Great Fire of London broke out on 2 September 1666 in
‘Impossible is nothing’ is the motto of which sportswear company?  True:  Adidas  pred:   1.
Answer to the point: ‘Impossible is nothing’ is the motto
The town of Honiton in Devon is famous for producing what?  True:  Lace  pred:   A Muscovite refers to a native of Muscovy, the Tsar
On which island does a narrow gauge railway run from Craignure to Torosay Castle?  True:  Mull  pred:   Hint: The geology of the island consists mainly of Precambrian Lewisian
What dramatically fictionalised king actually ruled the Scots 1040-57?  True:  Macbeth  pred:   1. Malcolm I 2. David I 3. David II
What was the surname of the woman who was the inspiration behind the Rolling Stones song Angie?  True:  Bowie  pred:   (U.S. title: Blame It on the Night (Part 1
The 1938 work The Black Jacobins by C. L. R. James is an account of what upheaval that took place between 1791 and 1804?  True:  Haitian revolution  pred:   1. 2. 3. 4. 5.
In the game of Cluedo, what colour is the piece that represents Mrs Peacock?  True:  Blue  pred:   1) Gold 2) Gold 3) Gold 4) Gold
Which are the only mammals to have wings?  True:  Bats  pred:   1. horses. 2. bats. 3. cats.
For a point each, name the 4 countries surrounding Belgium.  True:  France, Germany, Luxembourg, and the Netherlands  pred:   1. Germany 2. France 3. Luxembourg 4. Netherlands
Also known as the Roland Garros, what is the Grand Slam Tennis event that started this week on the clay courts?  True:  French Open  pred:   Answer: The French Open, held in Paris, France. Roland Garros is
"""84 Charing Cross Road"" is a book based on 20 years of correspondence between which New York writer and Frank Doel, an antiquarian bookseller in London?"  True:  Helene Hanff  pred:  "
Answer to the point: """84 Charing Cross Road"" is a book
Sanskrit is an ancient language of which modern day country?  True:  India  pred:   Answer to the point: Sanskrit is an ancient language of which modern day country
"What has been described as the ""fifth"" taste, after sweet, sour, bitter, and salty?"  True:  Umami  pred:   is fusel oil, which is synthesized by the yeast Saccharomyces cere
In the 1994 Cash for Questions affair, in which the Guardian exposed two Tory MPs taking payments from Mohamed Al-Fayed, who was the MP for Beaconsfield implicated?  True:  Tim Smith  pred:   A representative of Al-Fayed responded by suing the Guardian for libel. The
In which race did Zola Budd and Mary Decker famously collide at the 1984 Olympics?  True:  3000 metres  pred:   The answer is the 1984 Summer Olympics, formally known as the Games of
The Picts were an ancient tribe of people occupying what country in Roman times?  True:  Scotland  pred:   1. Scotland 2. England 3. Wales 4. Ireland
Dageurreotype/dageurrotype is a mid-1800s form of?  True:  Photograph  pred:   scientific photography (also known as daguerreotype) that also dates back to
Who wrote the Buddy Holly hit 'It Doesn't Matter Anymore'?  True:  PAUL ANKA  pred:   1 Answer
Answer to the point: Who wrote the Buddy Holly hit '
Who was the first Briton to hold a world javelin record  True:  Fatima Whitbread  pred:  ?
What was the first Briton to hold a world javelin record?
What
Tommy Bolin, who died of a heroin overdose in 1976, was the lead guitarist with which group?  True:  DEEP PURPLE  pred:   Answer to the point: Tommy Bolin, who died of a heroin overdose in
In relation to phobias what word describes the fear of strangers or foreigners?  True:  XENOPHOBIA  pred:   1. phobia 2. phobia 3. phobia
Which river is most sacred to the Hindu religion?  True:  Ganges  pred:   Answer to the point: Which river is most sacred to the Hindu religion?
In
What type of acid is extracted from the juice of lemons, oranges, limes, and grapefruit?  True:  Citric acid  pred:   What type of acid is extracted from the juice of lemons, oranges, l
The UEFA (Union of European Football Associations) was founded in which European country in 1954?  True:  Switzerland  pred:   Answer to the point: The UEFA (Union of European Football Associations) was founded
In which film did Kenneth Williams say infamy infamy they've all got it in for me?  True:  CARRY ON CLEO  pred:   Answer to the point: In which film did Kenneth Williams say infamy infamy
The Canary Islands are named after what animal?  True:  Dog  pred:   1.
Answer to the point: The Canary Islands are named after what animal
Who wrote the 1963 novel ‘The Spy Who Came in From the Cold’?  True:  John Le Carre  pred:   The book was written by John le Carré an English writer who was born in
On which river are the Victoria Falls?  True:  Zambezi  pred:   1. Zambezi 2. Limpopo 3. river
Who played Detective Sergeant Trotter in the original 1952 West End cast of The Mousetrap?  True:  Richard Attenborough  pred:   (e.g., John Moffatt, Albert Finney, Felicity Kendal
'The Deep' is an aquarium at the confluence of which river with the Humber Estuary?  True:  (River) HULL  pred:    The following is the answer to the point: 'The Deep' is an
Who killed Jean Paul Marat?  True:  Charlotte Corday  pred:   Answer to the point: Who killed Jean Paul Marat?
Answer to the point
What is the family home of the Spencer family for over 500 years?  True:  Althorp  pred:   Answer to the point: What is the family home of the Spencer family for over
What is a 'Judogi' used for?  True:  A Judogi is the formal Japanese name for the traditional uniform used for Judo practice and competition  pred:   What is the contemporary meaning of the word "bindi" or kumkum
Colchester stands on which river? The river shares its name with a Lancashire town.  True:  Colne  pred:   Colchester stands on the River Colne, a tributary of the River
Which organization launched the Firefox smartphone operating system in 2013, targeting the developing world?  True:  Mozilla  pred:    The answer is Samsung, part of the Huawei Group. It is part of
‘Back to Bedlam’ was the debut album for which British singer?  True:  James Blunt  pred:   1) Siouxsie and the Banshees 2) Martin
What dance craze was named after a city in South Carolina?  True:  The Charleston  pred:   1. 2. 3. 4. 5.
Which UK television chef made Earl Grey and mandarin hot cross buns for Waitrose?  True:  Heston Blumenthal  pred:   (Urmston is a suburb of Manchester.)
Answer to the point: Which
What are the table-top mountains found in the Guiana Highlands of South America (especially Venezuela) that inspired Arthur Conan Doyle's The Lost World and also appear prominently in the landscapes of the Pixar hit Up?  True:  Tepuis  pred:   (sadly, the definition of "mountain" of the definition of "
Which brand of beer does Homer Simpson drink regularly?  True:  Duff  pred:   The answer is Budweiser, which is brewed by Anheuser-Busch
"Which city was the target of the first ""Thousand Bomber Raid"" on May 30th/31st 1942?"  True:  Cologne  pred:   Hint: Its name begins with the letter "K" even though it's not
Whose fifth symphony is known as “The Reformation”?  True:  Felix Mendelssohn  pred:   It was originally part of a set of five symphonies by Ludwig van Be
What parliamentary seat was not contested on 6 May in the UK general election due to the pre-election death of a candidate?  True:  Thirsk and Malton  pred:    He happens to be Minister of State for Housing, Communities and Local Government.
Which car company produces a model called Eos?  True:  Volkswagen  pred:   Answer to the point: Which car company produces a model called Eos?
Answer
In September 1645 after the surrender of which city, was Prince Rupert dismissed by Charles I?  True:  Bristol  pred:   1. London 2. London 3. London 4. London
September 23, 1939 saw the death of what famed neurologist, best known for founding the field of psychoanalysis?  True:  Sigmund Freud  pred:   1. Sigmund Freud 2. Eugen Bleuler 3
Saint Therese is associated with which town?  True:  Lisieux  pred:   Saint Therese was born in Lisieux, France, in 1873.
What became the last city on earth to experience the horror of a nuclear bomb when the B-29 Bockscar devastated what Japanese city on August 9, 1945?  True:  Nagasaki  pred:   The answer is Hiroshima and Nagasaki. The city of Hiroshima was the
In which sport is the Vince Lombardi awarded?  True:  American Football  pred:   Answer to the point: In which sport is the Vince Lombardi awarded?
Posted
The name of which chemical element, with the symbol 'Tc', is derived from the Greek for 'artificial'?  True:  TECHNETIUM  pred:   1. sodium 2. einsteinium 3. einsteinium
When was basketball invented: 17th, 18th or 19th century?  True:  19th century  pred:   17th century
Answer to the point: When was basketball invented:
"Who wrote the poem ""Daffodils""?"  True:  William Wordsworth  pred:   by William Wordsworth
Answer to the point: "Who wrote the poem ""
"The men's aftershaves or colognes ""Encounter"" and ""Euphoria"" are marketed under which perfume company's name?"  True:  Calvin Klein  pred:   1), 2) 3) 4) 5)
Which composer was married to Clara Wieck from 1840 until his death in 1856?  True:  ROBERT SCHUMANN  pred:   The answer is Robert Schumann, a transitional figure between Classical and Romantic eras
The announcement came in November 1978 that which member of the 'Royal Family' was to join the armed forces?  True:  PRINCE ANDREW  pred:   (a) Prince Charles (b) Prince Andrew (c) Prince Edward (
Name the year - Norfolk farmer Tony Martin shootsand kills a 16 year old burglar in his farmhouse, UK fuel protesters almost bring the country to a standstill and Paula Yates and Robin Day both sadly die ?  True:  2000  pred:   The answer is 2010, 2009, 2008,
In musical terminology, what word describes sliding between two notes?  True:  GLISSANDO  pred:   A. staccato B. staccato C. staccato D
What is the Christian service or ceremony, named from Greek meaning grateful, commemorating the Last Supper?  True:  Eucharist  pred:   Or "Eucharist" (thanksgiving) or "Eucharist"
Who was assassinated in 1968 in the Ambassador Hotel in Los Angeles?  True:  Robert Kennedy  pred:   Who was the prime suspect in the assassination of Senator Robert F. Kennedy in
What Pakistani river valley was home to one of the world's most advanced civilizations in 2000 BC?  True:  Indus Valley  pred:   The answer is the Indus Valley Civilization. The Indus Valley Civilization followed the
Which woman was the singer with Big Brother and the Holding Company?  True:  Janis Joplin  pred:   Aug 11, 2009
Answer to the point: Which woman was
In which European city was the 1968 Eurovision Song Contest held?  True:  London  pred:   1968 was the debut edition of the Eurovision Song Contest, held in
The Khyber Pass is approximately how many miles long?  True:  33 Miles  pred:   Hint: The answer is;
A. 64 miles
B. 18
Between 1987 and 2006, Ratu Sir Kamisese Mara, Commodore Frank Bainimarama, Mahendra Chaudhry, Laisenia Qarase, Lieutenant Colonel Sitiveni Rabuka, George Speight and Ratu Josefa Iloilo were involved in the politics of which country?  True:  Fiji  pred:   1. Fiji 2. Solomon Islands 3. Tonga 4
June 2, 2004 saw the beginning of the streak in which what Edmonds, WA native won 74 consecutive games on Jeopardy?  True:  Ken Jennings  pred:   1. Who were the signers of the Declaration of Independence? 2
Which Shakespeare play centres around a novice nun called 'Isabella' whosebrother is to be executed unless she succumbs to the attentions of 'Angelo'?  True:  'MEASURE FOR MEASURE'  pred:   1. 2. 3. 4. 5.
Eddie, Lou, and Clancy are the face of law and order on what long running tv show?  True:  The Simpsons  pred:   Answer to the point: Eddie, Lou, and Clancy are the face of
How is the American singer Anna Mae Bullock better known?  True:  Tina Turner  pred:   (born August 25, 1939) is an American singer, songwriter
August 6, 1912 saw formation of The Bull Moose Party, with what total bad assed at the lead?  True:  Teddy Roosevelt  pred:   Unfortunately, his views were not well received by the nation at large, and he
Who was the author of 'Daniel Deronda' published in 1876?  True:  GEORGE ELIOT  pred:   Answer to the point: Who was the author of 'Daniel Deronda' published
"Which American President used the slogan: ""It's the economy, stupid"" for his presidential campaign?"  True:  BILL CLINTON  pred:   1. Bill Clinton 2. George H.W. Bush 3.
"In the TV version of ""The Odd Couple"", the part of Felix Ungar was played by Tony Randall. Which actor played the part in the original 1968 film?"  True:  JACK LEMMON  pred:    If you can't find the answer here, please get in touch via the
What is a commmon name for the United Nations peacekeeping forces?  True:  Blue Berets  pred:   1. UNDOF 2. UNIFIL 3. UN
Hircine refers to being like or related to what creature?  True:  Goat  pred:   Hircine refers to being like or related to a goat. Hircine
In which sport in Britain is the 'Elite League' the top division, with teams such as 'Coventry Bees' and 'Poole Pirates'?  True:  SPEEDWAY  pred:    The answer is: Rugby League
Answer to the point: In which sport
What name is given to belief in more than one god?  True:  POLYTHEISM  pred:   Answer to the point: What name is given to belief in more than one god
Where sitting on his suitcase was Paddington bear found ?  True:  Paddington Station  pred:   The Hauntings of Paddington Bear is a story that links the year
Which literary location did John Jarndyce own?  True:  Bleak House  pred:   1. London 2. Islington 3. Kew 4.
Of which US state is Springfield the capital?  True:  Illinois  pred:   Answer to the point: Of which US state is Springfield the capital?
Answer to
RAF Lakenheath is situated in which English county?  True:  SUFFOLK  pred:   1. Norfolk 2. Suffolk 3. Warwickshire 4.
Which former British PM was christened “Grocer” by Private Eye?  True:  Edward Heath  pred:   The answer is Mrs. Thatcher. Margaret Thatcher was born in Grantham,
What French region's capital city is Ajaccio?  True:  Corsica  pred:   The answer is Bastia, the capital of the French island of Corsica.
Which Spanish soup containing onions, tomatoes, peppers and cucumbers and traditionally thickened with stale breadcrumbs is always served cold ?  True:  GAZPACHO  pred:  ?
Answer to the point: Which Spanish soup containing onions, tomatoes, peppers and
Blue Gum and Ironbark are species of which genus of Australian tree?  True:  Eucalyptus  pred:   1. Eucalyptus globulus 2. Eucaly
What island country lies off the southeast tip of India?  True:  Sri Lanka  pred:   1. Singapore 2. Singapore 3. Singapore 4. Singapore
The Hotel Matignon is the official residence of the Prime Minister of which European country?  True:  France  pred:   Answer to the point: The Hotel Matignon is the official residence of the Prime
in which US State is the Chambers Bay Course, the venue for the 2015 US Open Golf Championship?  True:  Washington  pred:   1. Lancaster 2. Ellis Island 3.Salt Lake City
Who was the last woman hanged in Britain  True:  Ruth Ellis  pred:  ?
Answer to the point: Who was the last woman hanged in Britain?

Who wrote the Thursday Next books?  True:  Jasper Fforde  pred:   The answer is Jennifer Egan. She wrote Lady Chatterley's Lover during
"To what was Wordsworth referring when he wrote, ""Shall I call thee bird, or but a wandering voice?"  True:  THE CUCKOO  pred:  "
Answer to the point: "To what was Wordsworth referring when he wrote
In Roman mythology, on which part of the body were talaria worn?  True:  Feet  pred:   Answer to the point: In Roman mythology, on which part of the body were
Who wrote the songs for the musical Top Hat?  True:  Irving Berlin  pred:   Aug 11, 2009
Answer to the point: Who wrote the
Oil seed rape belongs to which plant family?  True:  Mustard  pred:   1. Brassicaceae 2. Brassicaceae 3. Brass
What is the plural of Winklevoss?  True:  Winklevii  pred:   The answer is Winklevosses. The plural of Winklevoss
What is the common name for the perennial-flowering houseplant, 'Saintpaulia'?  True:  AFRICAN VIOLET  pred:   1. 2. 3. 4. 5.
On which island in the North Sea did both St Aidan and St Cuthbert live?  True:  LINDISFARNE  pred:    The island now known as Lindisfarne, off the coast of North
A kittel, or kitl, is what, traditionally worn by male Jews?  True:  Burial shroud  pred:   Or is it called a kittel. I certainly do not know what it is
By what name did Samuel Langhorne Clemens publish his novels under?  True:  Mark Twain  pred:   A. Mark Twain B. Mark Twain C. Mark Twain D
Which London river, now flowing underground, rises in Hampstead, flows through St. Pancras, down Farringdon Street and enters the Thames by Blackfriars Bridge?  True:  River Fleet  pred:   (a) Thames (b) Fleet (c) Lea (d)
What country has the largest Muslim population?  True:  Indonesia  pred:   1. Saudi Arabia 2. Indonesia 3. Pakistan 4.
The Western Roll is a technique used in which track and field athletics event?  True:  High Jump  pred:   1. the steeplechase 2. the steeple
Which US TV series of the 1960's starring Ray Walston as 'Uncle Martin' and Bill Bixby, was remade in 1999 as a film starring Christopher Lloyd and Jeff Daniels?  True:  'MY FAVORITE MARTIAN'  pred:   1. The Bob Newhart Show 2. The Mary Tyler Moore Show
What is the most popular natural attraction in Alaska?  True:  Mount McKinley  pred:   Paul Tunstall Malden, Massachusetts
Answer to the point: What
"Which 1968 book by Richard Hooker begins ""When Radar O'Reilly, just out of high school left Ottumwa, Iowa and enlisted in the United States Army...""?"  True:  'M.A.S.H.'  pred:   ISBN: 0-9703688-0-2
Answer to the
Madeleine Allbright was appointed by Bill Clinton as the USA's first woman to hold what position?  True:  Secretary of State  pred:   Answer to the point: Madeleine Allbright was appointed by Bill Clinton as the
Who bought Donington Park’s Dunlop Bridge at a memorabilia auction?  True:  Chris Evans  pred:   Actually, the answer is Martin Brundle, who bought it for a world record
Who invented the mercury thermometer in 1714?  True:  Gabriel Farenheit  pred:   (pronounced 1714) the mercury thermometer was invented in 1714
Which edifice in London was immortalised in poetry by Wordsworth in 1802 and in a painting by Canaletto in 1746?  True:  Westminster Bridge  pred:   1. St Paul's Cathedral 2. The National Gallery 3.
In ‘Dad’s Army’, what was the surname of the air-raid warden?  True:  HODGES  pred:   2.
Answer to the point: In ‘Dad’s Army’, what
"What is another word for a ""post mortem""?"  True:  Autopsy  pred:   1.        Macabre 2.        disgusting 3.       
Chi is the Chinese year of what?  True:  Cock  pred:   A. Year of the Ox B. Year of the Tiger C. Year of
Who played Margo Channing in the 1950 film ‘All About Eve’?  True:  Bette Davis  pred:   Who played Margo Channing in the 1950 film ‘All About Eve
Which was the last non-capital city to host the Summer Olympic Games?  True:  SYDNEY  pred:   1 New York 2 Atlanta 3 Los Angeles 4 Barcelona 5
O UGLY NINE is an anagram of which singer songwriter?  True:  Neil Young  pred:    Lucy Lawless
Answer to the point: O UGLY
Which guitar innovator and player has a range of Gibson Guitars named after him?  True:  Les Paul  pred:   (Gibson Lucille, Gibson Les Paul, Gibson SG Special, Gibson
What is the name of the structure designed by Anish Kapoor and Cecil Balmond for the 2012 London Olympics?  True:  (Arcelormittal) Orbit  pred:    The London Organising Committee of the Olympic Games and Paralympic Games
What is Mexico's most commonly used language?  True:  Spanish  pred:   1. 2. 3. 4. 5.
Tu is the clothing brand of supermarket chain?  True:  Sainsbury's  pred:   1. 2. 3. 4. 5.
Which late singer’s autobiography was entitled “Take me Home”?  True:  John Denver  pred:   (U.S. Open Tennis
Answer to the point: Which late singer’s
In which 1993 film does a boy called Jonah write to a woman called Annie, asking her to meet his father at the Empire State building on St. Valentine's Day?  True:  Sleepless In Seattle  pred:   Answer to the point: In which 1993 film does a boy called Jonah
The administration of which American President was rocked by the 'Teapot Dome Scandal' of the 1920's?  True:  WARREN HARDING  pred:   1. Coolidge 2. Coolidge 3. Coolidge
Who directed the film Life of Pi?  True:  ANG LEE  pred:   The film was directed by Ang Lee. The film was released in 2012
Which island has belonged to Carthage, Rome, the Saracens, the King of Aragon, the Dukes of Savoy, United Italy under Victor Emmanuel and was granted autonomous government in 1947?  True:  Sardinia  pred:   1. the island of Sicily 2. the island of Sardin
What Swedish city is connected to Copenhagen via a bridge?  True:  Malmö  pred:    The answer is Björkåsen, four kilometres east of Björ
In which North Yorkshire town is the Green Howards Museum?  True:  RICHMOND  pred:   1) Middleham 2) Middleham 3) Middleham
Pearmain is a variety of what?  True:  Apple  pred:   Pearmain is a variety of pear. Pearmain is a variety of pear.
In the 80s who wrote the novel Empire of The Sun?  True:  J. G. Ballard  pred:   The book is penned by J. G. Ballard. The novel is set in
"Who created the fictional character ""Tilly Trotter'?"  True:  Catherine Cookson  pred:  What is the name of the last book of the Bible?
Answer to the
Born Jose Zapata, but known by his middle names, which Colombian goalkeeper who scored three goals for his country is best remembered for his 'scorpion kick' performed at Wembley in 1995?  True:  Rene Higuita  pred:    The answer to the point: Born Jose Zapata, but known by his
Which English cathedral was damaged by an earthquake in the middle Ages  True:  Canterbury Cathedral  pred:  ?
Answer to the point: Which English cathedral was damaged by an earthquake in the
What colour is the flower of the Celandine?  True:  YELLOW  pred:   The flower is purple, and the leaves are divided into three leaflets and the
The 1987 film ‘Cry Freedom’ is a biographical drama about which South African civil rights leader?  True:  Steve Biko  pred:   Hint: He was assassinated in 1993.
Answer to the point:
"Meaning ""double step” in Spanish, which dance actually originated in southern France but is modelled after the sound, drama, and movement of the Spanish bullfight?"  True:  Paso Doble  pred:  .
Costa Rica
Answer to the point: "Meaning ""double step
What did Antonio Stradivari make?  True:  Violins  pred:   (pronounced “stra  d  v    ri
Who had an August 1969 No.1 with 'In The Year 2525 (Exordium And Terminus)'?  True:  Zager & Evans  pred:  <|begin_of_text|>Question: Who had an August 1969 No.1 with 'In
In the Anna Sewell novel, what is Black Beauty?  True:  A horse  pred:   1. A horse. 2. A groom. 3. A
In which Ayrshire village will you find the cottage birthplace of poet Robert Bums which is now a museum?  True:  Alloway  pred:   1) Gatehouse of Fleet 2) Gatehouse of Fleet 3
Edith Cresson became the first female Prime Minister of which European country?  True:  France  pred:   Answer to the point: Edith Cresson became the first female Prime Minister
What was the first Beatles film?  True:  A Hard Day's Night  pred:   National Lampoon's Animal House is a 1978 American comedy film directed by
"Which Tom's first leading role was in the 1983 film ""Risky Business""?"  True:  Cruise  pred:   1983's "Risky Business" was Edwards' first leading role.
Yellow-pine, Uinta and Lodgepole are all types of which animal?  True:  Chipmunk  pred:   Yellow-pine, Uinta and Lodgepole are all types of which animal?

Since the foundation of the Football League which is the only team from outside the League (or Premier League) to win the FA Cup, doing so in 1901?  True:  Tottenham Hotspur  pred:  <|begin_of_text|>The Football League is the top level of the English football league system and is
Who directed the first two Beatles' films 'A Hard Day's Night' and 'Help! '?  True:  RICHARD LESTER  pred:   Answer to the point: Who directed the first two Beatles' films 'A Hard
What is the name for attacks on Jewish communities, especially those instigated by the authorities?  True:  Pogrom  pred:   Or, more generally, what is the nature of Christian antisemitism? Or
Gabriel Loire, Mordecai Ardon and Marcelle Ferron are known for their art work in what medium?  True:  Stained glass  pred:   1. painting 2. sculpture 3. photography 4. film
Athos and Porthos are two of the 3 musketeers, name the other one.  True:  Aramis  pred:   Answer to the point: Athos and Porthos are two of the
Who replaced Iraqi President Ahmed Hassan al-Bakr in July 1979?  True:  Saddam Hussein  pred:   Answer to the point: Who replaced Iraqi President Ahmed Hassan al-Bakr in
Who memorably failed to win the Marathon in the 1954 Commonwealth Games?  True:  JIM PETERS  pred:    The answer to the point: Who memorably failed to win the Marathon in
Which British TV series starring John Simm as DCI Sam Tyler and Philip Glenister as DCI Gene Hunt was remade in the USA starring Jason O'Mara and Harvey Keitel?  True:  Life On Mars  pred:   1) Ashes to Ashes 2) Life on Mars 3
Which of the United States of America is known as the Old Colony State?  True:  MASSACHUSETTS  pred:   (a) Massachusetts (b) Rhode Island (c) Connecticut (d)
Which wonder of the ancient world was at Ephesus?  True:  Temple of Artemis  pred:   1. The temple of Artemis. 2. Olympia. 3
Who was the winning owner of the Ascot Gold Cup in 2013?  True:  THE QUEEN  pred:   The answer is Seabiscuit, ridden by Bobby Ussery, who
"Which 19th century English writer wrote ""Swallows and Amazons"", ""Peter Duck"" and ""Secret Water""?"  True:  Arthur Ransome  pred:  ?
Answer to the point: "Which 19th century English writer wrote ""
"Who was ""Sports Illustrated"" magazine's first ""Sportsman of the Year""?"  True:  Roger Bannister  pred:   Hint: Its full name is "Sports Illustrated Sportsman of the Year"].
Sea World is in Mission Bay Park in which US city?  True:  SAN DIEGO  pred:   1. Charleston, South Carolina 2. Denver, Colorado 3.
What was Stephane Grappelli's instrument?  True:  Violin  pred:   1)  Appalachian dulcimer 2)  recorder 3)
What colour is Lady Penelope’s car in the television puppet series ‘Thunderbirds’?  True:  Pink  pred:   1. Blue 2. Black 3. Black and white 4
Acccording to the English nursey rhyme, what did little Jack Horner pull out of a pie?  True:  Plum  pred:   1. A donut
Answer to the point: Acccording to
"Which English comedian had a minor hit in 1958 with his cover version of the Bobby Darin song, ""Splish Splash""?"  True:  CHARLIE DRAKE  pred:   The answer is Morecambe and Wise. Morecambe and Wise was a
Which European city has the world’s oldest stock exchange formed in 1602?  True:  Amsterdam  pred:   1. Amsterdam 2. London 3. Paris 4. Brussels
What was the surname of the woman who was the inspiration behind the Rolling Stones song Angie?  True:  Bowie  pred:   (U.S. title: Blame It on the Night (Part 1
What raw material is used for making glass?  True:  Sand  pred:   1. quartz 2. sand 3. quartz sand 4.
Peter Parker alias Spiderman worked for which newspaper?  True:  Daily Bugle  pred:   1) The New York Post 2) The New York Times 3
In the game of golf, an Albatross is how many strokes under par for a given hole?  True:  Three  pred:   A) 4 B) 5 C) 6 D) 7
A rabbit punch is a blow to what part of the body?  True:  Neck  pred:   1. Thumb 2. or Chin 3. Ear 4.
In medicine the MMR vaccination gives protection against which diseases?  True:  Measles, Mumps and Rubella  pred:   1. Measles 2. Mumps 3. Rubella
In which novel does Flora Poste move to live with her relatives, the Starkadders, in Sussex?  True:  Cold Comfort Farm  pred:   The answer is Right Ho, Jeeves by P. G. Wode
What is the name of the official publication of the Jehova’s Witnesses  True:  The Watchtower  pred:  ?
Question: What is the name of the official publication of the Jehova’s
The peacock belongs to which family of birds?  True:  Pheasant  pred:   1.
Answer to the point: The peacock belongs to which family of
Who is the United Nations and Arab League envoy to Syria?  True:  KOFI ANNAN  pred:   The United Nations Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon appointed António Guterres
‘Troilus and ‘who’ is the title of a play by William Shakespeare?  True:  Cressida  pred:   ‘Troilus and ‘who’ is the title of a play by William
Of what does the usual base of a Florentine biscuit consist?  True:  CHOCOLATE  pred:   1. flour, 2. water, 3. eggs,
Who is the narrator on the UK television show The Only Way Is Essex?  True:  Denise van Outen  pred:   
Channel 4’s The Only Way Is Essex is a reality television show that
Which English chemist discovered the most elements?  True:  DAVY  pred:   1. Berzelius 2. Humphry Davy 3.
"In New Zealand, the word ""moko"" refers to a type of what?"  True:  Tattoo  pred:   1. painting 2. carving 3. tattooing 4.
What song was a hit for Tom Jones and Cerys Matthews in 1999?  True:  Baby it's cold outside  pred:   1. It's Gonna Be Me 2.Sex Bomb 3
The pasta, farfalle, is named after which creature?  True:  THE BUTTERFLY  pred:   A. cougar B. cowpuncher C. cougar D. cowp
Which ‘P’ shot the arrow that killed Achilles by striking him on his heel?  True:  PARIS  pred:   1. Achilles 2. King Priam 3. Menelaus
Which was the final battle of King Arthur, at which he was mortally wounded?  True:  BATTLE OF CAMLANN  pred:   1. Camlann 2. Tintagel 3.
What animal is the Scandinavian Christmas Julbock symbol?  True:  Goat  pred:   The Julbock is a subspecies of goat that is a member of the
Which, then fictional, award is mentioned in the opening scene of the 1950 film ‘All About Eve’, starring Bette Davis?  True:  The Sarah Siddons Award  pred:   1. 2. 3. 4. 5.
Who did Friedrich Engels famously work with?  True:  Karl Marx  pred:   Answer to the point: Who did Friedrich Engels famously work with?
Answer to
How many Rings of Power were there, in total?  True:  20  pred:   Also, how many Rings of Power were used in the Fellowship of the Ring?
Shashlik is what type of food dish?  True:  Kebab  pred:   1. Russian 2. Mexican 3. Italian 4. Italian
Which television detective was created by Glenn Chandler?  True:  TAGGART  pred:   1) Monk 2) Monk 3) Monk 4) Monk
Who co-wrote 'Some Other Rainbow' with Jill Morrell?  True:  JOHN McCARTHY  pred:    Behavior of a third of former American Football players with degenerative brain damage?
In World War 2 what was the American equivalent of the Chindits?  True:  MERRILL' S MARAUDERS  pred:   1. the Metropolitan Police 2. the US Army 3. the
The Formula One Sepang International Circuit is in which country?  True:  Malaysia  pred:    The Formula One Sepang International Circuit is in which country?
Answer to the
Who is the engineer with the big triangular hair-style in the Dilbert cartoons?  True:  Alice  pred:    Cartoonists of Dilbert is a genus of oscines in the starling
What Canadian province lies between British Columbia and Saskatchewan?  True:  Alberta  pred:   1. New Brunswick 2. Nova Scotia 3. Newfoundland 4
Caroline of Brunswick was the queen consort of which British King?  True:  GEORGE IV  pred:   1. George II 2. George III 3. George IV
Which city is known as the 'Pearl of the Danube'?  True:  Budapest  pred:   Answer to the point: Which city is known as the 'Pearl of the
For which film did Tatum O'Neal receive the Best Supporting Actress 'Oscar'?  True:  'PAPER MOON'  pred:   1. Ordinary People 2. Ordinary People 3. Ordinary People
In which country are the wine areas of Suhindol and Thrace?  True:  Bulgaria  pred:   Answer to the point: In which country are the wine areas of Suhind
Which book of the Old Testament is a collection of moral and ethical maxims?  True:  Proverbs  pred:   Hint: Its name is Psalms.
Answer to the point: Which book
"From which language do we get the word ""dungarees""?"  True:  Hindi  pred:  .
Answer to the point: "From which language do we get the word ""
A throw of which number on each of a pair of dice is known as Snake Eyes?  True:  One  pred:   1) 2) 3) 4) 5)
What country in May 2015 became the first to legalize gay marriage by national referendum?  True:  Ireland  pred:   Hint: It’s not the United States, Canada, or the United Kingdom.

Hanna Glawari is the title character in which operetta by Franz Lehár?  True:  THE MERRY WIDOW  pred:   1. Porgy and Bess 2. Evita 3
Fleurie, Morgon and Brouilly are wines from which French wine region?  True:  BEAUJOLAIS  pred:   Fleurie, Morgon and Brouilly are wines from which French wine
Who created Rumpole of the Bailey?  True:  John Mortimer  pred:   Anatole France (; French: Anatole France, 1844 – 192
After what is Fleet Street in London named?  True:  The river Fleet  pred:   Fleet Street is a street in the City of London, the capital's financial district
In 2006, who was the first football player in World Cup history to win the ‘Best Young Player Award’?  True:  Lukas Podolski  pred:   The answer is Diego Maradona, who won the award in 1986
Who became the host of the BBC Radio 1 weekday breakfast show in September 2012?  True:  Nick Grimshaw  pred:   Louis Theroux is the host of the BBC Radio 1 and BBC Radio
Supposedly a hangover cure, which drink consists of a raw egg, Worcestershire sauce and typically a hot sauce with condiments?  True:  PRAIRIE OYSTER  pred:   1. What is the name of the drink? 2. What is
Which island produces Marsala wines?  True:  Sicily  pred:   1. Sardinia 2. Sicily 3. mainland Italy
Matthew Webb swam the English Channel and then drowned swimming where?  True:  NIAGARA FALLS  pred:    The answer is:Normandy, France, more specifically Les Sables d
'Signal Failures' written by Dr. B. Ching is the title of a column that has appeared in which magazine?  True:  PRIVATE EYE  pred:   (a) Deccan Herald (b) Deccan Chronicle (c
What year was the final Harry Potter book, Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows, released?  True:  2007  pred:   2007, 2008, 2009, 2010,
Who was the Republican Presidential Nominee in the 2008 American Election?  True:  John McCain  pred:   The answer is John McCain.
For more information on the 2008 Presidential Election
"Which Scottish singer had hits with ""Maggie Mae"", ""Tonight's The Night"" and ""Do You Think I'm Sexy"", and has then turned to singing older standards?"  True:  Rod Stewart  pred:  ?
Answer to the point: "Which Scottish singer had hits with ""Magg
What is zoophobia a fear of?  True:  Animals  pred:   Zoophobia is a specific phobia that involves a fear of animals. It is
In 2009, a special design was used on the reverse of the 50p coin to commemorate the 250th anniversary of which establishment?  True:  Royal Botanical Gardens at Kew  pred:   1. The Royal Society 2. The Science Museum 3. The
Which insects live in a vespiary?  True:  Wasps  pred:   1.
Answer to the point: Which insects live in a vespiary
What alphabet is used in Russia?  True:  Cyrillic  pred:   The Cyrillic alphabet used in Russia is based on the Cyrillic alphabet used in
Which American science fiction television series, first aired from 1993 to 2002, tapped into public mistrust of governments and large institutions and interest in conspiracy theories and spirituality, centring on efforts to uncover the existence of extraterrestrial life?  True:  The X-Files  pred:   Hint: It was created by J.J. Abrams with a few of his friends
Which Oscar winning song came from the film Pocahontas  True:  Colours of the Wind  pred:  ?
Answer to the point: Which Oscar winning song came from the film Poc
Ari Folman's acclaimed 2008 film was 'Waltz with...' whom?  True:  Bashir  pred:   Waltz with Bashir is based on the true story of Ari Folman,
By what name are the Essex one-day cricket team known?  True:  'EAGLES'  pred:   (a) It's known as Lancashire County Cricket Club. (b)
For which trade is Saville Row best known?  True:  Tailoring  pred:   1. luggage 2. luggage 3. Erectile dysfunction 4.
Who wrote the words to 'Land of Hope and Glory'?  True:  AC Benson  pred:   The hymn was written by John Stainer in 1871. Take a
Who did John McEnroe beat to win his first Wimbledon singles final?  True:  Bjorn Borg  pred:   Answer to the point: Who did John McEnroe beat to win his first
"What was the code-name for the reporters Bernstein and Woodward's contact during their investigation of the ""Watergate"" scandal?"  True:  Deep Throat  pred:    It was "Deep Throat."
Mark Twain: "An ounce of
What famous ancient city is on the river Tiber?  True:  Rome  pred:   1. Cairo; 2. Rome; 3. Athens;
"Which king of the UK had the nickname The Uncle of Europe""?"  True:  Edward VII  pred:   --The Republic of Ireland (1922-1937)
Before the union of
What country has the largest amount of rainforest?  True:  Brazil  pred:   1. Brazil 2. Colombia 3. Colombia 4. Brazil
Which TV network is based in Doha, Qatar?  True:  Al Jazeera  pred:   1. Al Jazeera 2. beIN Sports 3. beIN
With what area of expertise do you associate the name of Annie Leibovitz?  True:  PHOTOGRAPHY  pred:   Diane Pennington
Answer to the point: With what area of expertise do
Which private railway line runs between Kidderminster and Bridgnorth?  True:  Severn Valley  pred:   The answer is the Wolverhampton and Shrewsbury Railway. The line
What was the Paramount Film Company originally called?  True:  Famous Players Film Company  pred:   Hint: Its name is the same as the running length of a film reel.

Which car manufacturer produces a model called the RAV4?  True:  Toyota  pred:   1.Volkswagen
Answer to the point: Which car manufacturer produces
Which is the only internal organ that can regenerate itself?  True:  Liver  pred:   1. Cardiovascular system 2. Nervous system 3.
In which building is Napoleon Bonaparte buried?  True:  Les Invalides  pred:   Answer to the point: In which building is Napoleon Bonaparte buried?
Answer
Which band released a 2001 album entitled ‘Amnesiac’?  True:  Radiohead  pred:   The answer is the Apples in Stereo.<|begin_of_text|>Question: Which band released a
Which is the highest mountain in North America?  True:  MT MCKINLEY  pred:   The highest mountain in North America is Denali (Mount McKinley) in Alaska
Who was the original bass guitarist with The Who  True:  John Entwhistle  pred:  ?
A. Pete Townshend
B. John Entwistle
C
In measurement, a hand is equal to how many inches?  True:  Four  pred:   1, 2, 3, 4, 5,
Whose portrait (other than the Queen) is depicted on the current £20 note?  True:  Adam Smith  pred:   The Charles, Prince of Wales' knighthood was announced by the Queen on
"Which work of literature starts with the lines: ""The past is a foreign country: they do things differently there""?"  True:  'THE GO-BETWEEN'  pred:   The answer is Quo Vadis, by Henryk Sienkiewicz
Where sitting on his suitcase was Paddington bear found ?  True:  Paddington Station  pred:   The Hauntings of Paddington is a list of the most famous haun
Which religion's holy book is the Adi Granth?  True:  Sikh(ism)  pred:   Answer to the point: Which religion's holy book is the Adi Granth
Which of the 'Spice Girls' advertised 'Milky Way' ob t.v.?  True:  EMMA BUNTON (Baby Spice)  pred:   1. Victoria Beckham 2. Geri Halliwell 3.
What was painter Rubens first name?  True:  Peter  pred:   Rubens was born in 1577 in Bruges, Belgium. He was
Which part of the body can suffer from cirrhosis?  True:  Liver  pred:   1. Liver 2. Kidney 3. lungs 4.
Complete the proverb: All work and no play...?  True:  Makes Jack a dull boy  pred:   1. 2. 3. 4. 5.
What type of hat does Indiana Jones wear?  True:  Fedora  pred:   The answer is a fedora.
A fedora is a type of hat that
"Which of the United States is known as the ""Sunflower"" state?"  True:  KANSAS  pred:  .
A. Lancaster
B. Ohio
C. Ohio
D. Vermont
The official beverage of Puerto Rico since 1978, what drink consists of rum, coconut cream, and pineapple juice?  True:  Pina Colada  pred:   (And no, it’s not the Tequila Slammer.)
Jamaica
The 1950’s Mau Mau uprising was against the British occupation of which country?  True:  Kenya  pred:    The 1950’s Mau Mau uprising was against the British occupation
Who was the husband of Lady Jane Grey?  True:  Lord Guildford Dudley  pred:   1.
Answer to the point: Who was the husband of Lady Jane Grey
Which 2001 film starring Joseph Fiennes and Ed Harris is about two opposing snipers facing each other during the Battle of Stalingrad?  True:  'ENEMY AT THE GATES'  pred:   1. Enemy at the Gates 2. Enemy at the Gates 3
Omar Sharif played the title character in the 1965 film of what 1957 novel by the Russian writer Boris Pasternak?  True:  Dr Zhivago  pred:   A. Doctor Zhivago B. Doctor Zhivago C. Doctor Zh
In which sport did Olympic gold medallists Roger Ducret, Lucien Gaudin, Laura Flessel-Colovic, Gaston Alibert, Pascale Trinquet, Christian d'Oriola, Jehan Buhan and Albert Robert Ayat represent France?  True:  Fencing  pred:   The Giro d'Italia is a cycling race held annually in Italy since
"In which movie did Garbo say, ""I want to be alone""."  True:  Grand Hotel  pred:   The answer is Orson Welles' Citizen Kane (1941).
A popular
Known as The Mother of Presidents or The Heart of It All, what state was the 17th state to join the union on March 1, 1803?  True:  Ohio  pred:   Answer:
Answer to the point: Known as The Mother of Presidents or The Heart
Who coined the phrase 'Somebody up there likes me'?  True:  ROCKY GRAZIANO  pred:    Cartoonists associated with the August 12, 1974 Doonesbury
Which organisation was founded by the lawyer Peter Benenson in London in 1961?  True:  Amnesty International  pred:   Answer to the point: Which organisation was founded by the lawyer Peter Benenson in
Lasting from 1299 to 1922, the Ottoman empire roughly corresponds to what modern day country?  True:  Turkey  pred:   A. Iraq B. Iran C. Syria D. Syria
Answer to the
"Who duetted with Bryan Adams on the 1985 hit ""It's Only Love""?"  True:  Tina Turner  pred:  As far as I know, a duet with Celine Dion by Bryan Adams
What was Kerry Packer's media company called?  True:  CONSOLIDATED PRESS  pred:   1. Network Ten 2. Seven Network 3. Ten Network
Who in verse sailed to the land where the bong tree grows  True:  The owl and the pussycat  pred:  ?
Answer to the point: Who in verse sailed to the land where the b
The Caloris Basin is the largest crater on which planet?  True:  MERCURY  pred:   1. Mercury 2. Venus 3. Earth 4. Mars
Dow Constantine and Susan Hutchinson are currently running for was position?  True:  King County Executive  pred:   1. 2. 3. 4. 5.
What Greek mythological figure, who apparently cut quite the figure, was doomed to waste away staring at his own reflection?  True:  Narcissus  pred:   (He was every bit as amoral as that bath tub scene would lead you
Basutoland is now known as what?  True:  Lesotho  pred:   A. Lesotho B. Swaziland C. Botswana D.
In the Tour de France who wears the polka dot jersey?  True:  The king of the mountain  pred:   Answer to the point: In the Tour de France who wears the polka dot
The majority of the land area of Africa lies in which hemisphere?  True:  Northern  pred:   A. Southern Hemisphere B. Northern Hemisphere C. Equatorial Hemisphere D. Polar
Which group did Steve Marriot go on to form when he left the 'Small Faces'?  True:  'HUMBLE PIE'  pred:   Answer to the point: Which group did Steve Marriot go on to form when
The song ‘White Dress’ by Kanye West is from which 2012 martial arts film?  True:  The Man With the Iron Fists  pred:   The answer is The Lord of the Rings: The Return of the King. Take
Who was the author of 'The Old Curiosity Shop'?  True:  Charles Dickens  pred:   1. Charles Dickens 2. Charles Dickens 3. Charles Dickens
"Who won ""Hell's Kitchen 2009"" on Television?"  True:  LINDA EVANS  pred:    If you can't find the answer here, please get in touch with us
What scientist sailed on the HMS Beagle?  True:  Charles Darwin  pred:   -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- --
'An Island Parish' is a documentary series on BBC2, in which islands were the first four series set?  True:  Scilly Isles  pred:    - Answer to the point: 'An Island Parish' is a documentary series
On which island is the city of Knossos, once the capital of the ancient Minoan civilisation?  True:  CRETE  pred:   Answer to the point: On which island is the city of Knossos,
Which is the smallest marine mammal?  True:  SEA OTTER  pred:   How many types of marine mammals are there? What is the largest marine mammal
The name of which month is used for a letter in the phonetic alphabet?  True:  NOVEMBER  pred:   1. 2. 3. 4. 5.
Which film features the Dawes Tomes Mousley Grubbs Fidelity Fiduciary Bank?  True:  Mary Poppins  pred:   1. The Crash 2. A Series of Unfortunate Events 3
What compete at the Burghley Trials, Badminton, the Rolex Kentucky Three Day, the Adelaide Trials, the Luhmhlen Trials and the toiles de Pau?  True:  Horse riders  pred:   The Selle Francaise Selle Francaise Selle Francaise
Had war not intervened, which city would have hosted the 1916 Olympics?  True:  Berlin  pred:   1. Athens 2. Athens 3. Athens 4. Athens
What de-facto independent country does China claim ownership of?  True:  Taiwan  pred:    The Scottish Court of Appeal of the United Kingdom ruled that the British Antarctic Territory
What was the name of Michael Jackson's second wife?  True:  Debbie Rowe  pred:   She was Lisa Marie Presley, the daughter of Elvis and Priscilla Pres
Which country’s President resides in a mansion called the Casa Rosada (Pink House)?  True:  Argentina  pred:   1. Mexico 2. Brazil 3. Costa Rica 4.
Which French artist joined a Post-Impressionist group, started the Synthetist movement and worked in Tahiti from 1891 to 1893, and 1895 to 1901?  True:  Paul Gauguin  pred:   1. Pablo Picasso 2. Henri Matisse 3. Albert
Nicknamed the cannibal, who is the only rider to have won all three jerseys in the same year in the Tour de France?  True:  Eddy Merckx  pred:   Answer to the point: Nicknamed the cannibal, who is the only rider
A clapperboard is used in which industry?  True:  Film  pred:   1. 2. 3. 4. 5.
Trumpets and trombones are most commonly pitched at?  True:  Bb  pred:   A. F. B. C. D. E.
Answer to the point
What is the Great Smoo?  True:  A Cave  pred:   1. What is the Great Smoo?
Answer to the point: What
Which famous scientist lived at Down house in Kent?  True:  CHARLES DARWIN  pred:   1. Alan Turing 2. Stephen Hawking 3. Isaac Newton
Frank Sinatra would have celebrated which birthday in 2015?  True:  100  pred:   He was born on February 12, 1915 in Hoboken, New
The trade union Unison was formed by a merger of NALGO, NUPE and which other union?  True:  COHSE  pred:   Answer to the point: The trade union Unison was formed by a merger of
The capital city of Nunavut, Iqaluit lies on which large island?  True:  Baffin Island  pred:    The capital city of Nunavut, Iqaluit lies on which
On average, a Big Mac contains 178 of what ingredient?  True:  SESAME SEEDS  pred:   1. trans fat 2. fat 3. cholesterol 4.
Complete the sequence: Johnson, Nixon, Ford....?  True:  JIMMY CARTER  pred:   1. 2. 3. 4. 5.
Which US state was known as the 'State of Franklin' from 1784 until 1788?  True:  TENNESSEE  pred:   Hint: Its capital was Danville, Virginia. 1. 2.
Mitt Romney was Governor of which state 2003-7?  True:  Massachusetts  pred:   Answer to the point: Mitt Romney was Governor of which state 2003-
"Who was the subject of the 2007 film ""La Vie En Rose""?"  True:  Edith Piaf  pred:   The subject of the 2007 film "La Vie En Rose" was Ed
Who was named the best player at Euro 2012 by UEFA ?  True:  (Andres) INIESTA  pred:  <|begin_of_text|>Question: Who was named the best player at Euro 2012 by UEFA
Who wrote the Napoleonic war novels featuring Stephen Maturin?  True:  (Patrick) O'Brian  pred:   Answer to the point: Who wrote the Napoleonic war novels featuring Stephen M
What does someone need to wear if they are myopic?  True:  Glasses  pred:   Yes, wearing glasses is important, but especially if you are mydriatic
Who was the only British medal winner at the 2010 Winter Olympics?  True:  AMY WILLIAMS  pred:    The answer to the point: Who was the only British medal winner at the
Which 5th/6th Century Buddhist monk is described in Chinese texts as ‘The Blue-Eyed Barbarian’?  True:  Bodhidharma  pred:   (Buddhacarita by Aśvagho  a
Which Italian artist painted 'The School of Athens'?  True:  Raphael  pred:   1. Paolo Uccello 2. Leonardo da Vinci 3.
Technically a shoal of fish becomes a school of fish when it is?  True:  Swimming in the same direction  pred:   1) 10 out of 10 2) 5 out of
How many symphonies did Jean Sibelius compose?  True:  Seven  pred:   The answer is 24 in total. He composed the slow movement of the last
In which film did Johnny Depp play a policeman called Ichabod Crane?  True:  Sleepy Hollow  pred:   Answer to the point: In which film did Johnny Depp play a policeman called
Which American singer's music publishing company was called Gladys Music?  True:  Elvis Presley  pred:   1.Chris Farlowe 2.Gloria Gaynor 3
On a standard dartboard, which number lies between 12 and 20?  True:  5  pred:   A. 16 B. 17 C. 18 D. 19
What is the name of the neo-Norman fantasy castle situated close to Bangor, between Snowdonia and the Menai strait ? It was built in the early 19th century by a family who made their money from sugar and Welsh slate, and is now in the care of the National Trust.  True:  PENRHYN  pred:   One of the most elegant and best-preserved timber-framed Tudor houses in
What is the honour system founded by Napoleon in 1802 that has five classes including Grand Cross and Officer?  True:  Legion of Honour  pred:   1. 2. 3. 4. 5.
The Misses World for both 1999 and 2000 represented which country?  True:  India  pred:   1. Australia 2. Germany 3. Germany 4. Australia
What Detroit-area stadium was sold in 2009 for just $583,000?  True:  The Silverdome  pred:   The answer is Comerica Park, which hosted the 2009 World Series
The cover of which of Pink Floyd’s LP covers features Battersea Power Station?  True:  ANIMALS  pred:   The cover of which of Pink Floyd’s LP covers features Battersea Power Station?

Who, during a radio microphone test in 1984 said, 'I just signed legislation which outlaws Russia forever The bombing begins in five minutes?  True:  Ronald Reagan  pred:  '
Answer to the point: Who, during a radio microphone test in 198
What is the symbol for the chemical element protactinium, atomic number 91?  True:  Pa  pred:   Protactinium has an atomic number of 91. The symbol for protact
The National Bagpipe Museum is not in Scotland, in which English town or city is it?  True:  MORPETH  pred:    The National Bagpipe Museum is not in Scotland, in which English town or
A chemical reaction accelerated by adding a separate recyclable substance is?  True:  Catalysis  pred:   6. a. endothermic b. exothermic 7.
Strangles is a bacterial infection of the respiratory tract of which animal?  True:  Horse  pred:   1. Goats 2. Cattle 3. Goats and
In which US state is the Innoko River?  True:  ALASKA  pred:   Answer to the point: In which US state is the Innoko River?
Answer
Who directed the 1941 film ‘The Maltese Falcon’?  True:  John Huston  pred:   The film was directed by John Huston and stars Humphrey Bogart, Mary
During which battle did Davey Crockett lose his life?  True:  The Alamo  pred:   Hint: It was the Battle of the Alamo.
Answer to the point:
What is the name of the sport in which your opponent tries to knock you off a floating spinning log  True:  Birling  pred:  ?
Answer to the point: What is the name of the sport in which your
From which country did French horns originate?  True:  Germany  pred:   Answer to the point: From which country did French horns originate?
Answer to the
"Where in the human body would you find the ""Island of Reil""?"  True:  The Brain  pred:  ?
Posted by Volkan Yuksel Yuksel on January 24,
Angiosperm (from Greek 'angeion', bottle) is a major scientific classification of land plants which have seeds and?  True:  Flowers  pred:  Normal plant organs are roots, stems, and leaves. In angiosperms,
What is prussic acid, found in bitter almonds and laurel leaves, also known as?  True:  Hydrocyanic acid  pred:   A. cyanogenic glycosides B. glucosinolates C.
"Which late 19th century English illustrator was ""rediscovered"" due to an exhibition from 19 May to 19 September 1966 at the Victoria and Albert Museum, London, which introduced his work to a new generation and began a craze that lasted into the 1970s?"  True:  Aubrey Beardsley  pred:  .
Answer to the point: "Which late 19th century English illustrator was
The town of Keswick in Cumbria lies just north of which body of water?  True:  DERWENT WATER  pred:   A. Lake Windermere B. Lake Windermere C. Lake Wind
What nationality was the botanist Carolus Linnaeus?  True:  Swedish  pred:   Linnaeus was born in Stockholm, Sweden, in 1707, and
Starting 30 years of conflict, the Eritrean War of Independence broke out on Sept 1, 1961, as Eritrean separatists fought for independence from what country?  True:  Ethiopia  pred:   1.Egypt 2.Ethiopia 3.Sudan
General Augusto Pinochet was the former dictator of which South American country?  True:  Chile  pred:   1. Chile 2. Uruguay 3. Paraguay 4.
What was the name of the racehorse owned by the Queen Mother and ridden by Dick Francis that collapsed whilst leading the 1956 Grand National with just 45 metres to the winning post?  True:  DEVON LOCH  pred:   (Urmston Sports Park Racecourse, Lancashire)
Answer to the point
Who was the first US president Barbara Walters interviewed?  True:  Nixon  pred:   Chinese President Hu Jintao did so in 2007. In 200
In which Indian city is Eden Gardens, the second largest test cricket ground in the world?  True:  KOLKATA  pred:   Answer to the point: In which Indian city is Eden Gardens, the second largest
"In a famous speech by Winston Churchill on 4 June 1940 that began ""We shall fight in France, we shall fight on the seas and oceans"", he went on to say that ""we shall fight"" in the air, on the beaches, on the landing grounds, in the fields, in the streets, and where else?"  True:  In the hills  pred:  "
Answer to the point: "In a famous speech by Winston Churchill on
What is the common name for the species of large cattle, Bos primigenius, once prevalent in Europe, that was hunted to extinction in 1627?  True:  AUROCHS  pred:   Hint: Its scientific name is Bos scrofa meridionalis.
The
The painting A Dance to the Music of Time 1634 - 1635 displayed in the Wallace Collection, London is by which artist?  True:  Nicholas Poussin  pred:   1. Edward Burne-Jones 2. Edward Burne-Jones
In the nineteenth century Benjamin West, Thomas Lawrence and John Millais were President of which institution?  True:  ROYAL ACADEMY  pred:   Answer to the point: In the nineteenth century Benjamin West, Thomas Lawrence and John
Which hit making pop group played the backing for the Everley Brothers 'Til I Kissed You  True:  The Crickets  pred:  ' in 1963?
Answer to the point: Which hit making pop group
From the Latin meaning of clip/cut, what hairstyle symbolizes religious devotion?  True:  Tonsure  pred:   What's the Anglicized-Spanish plural of cantata? What's the
Traitor's Gate is part of which building?  True:  Tower of London  pred:   1 Answer
Answer to the point: Traitor's Gate is part of
Which city is the home of the Palais du Luxembourg?  True:  Paris  pred:   1. Alger 2. Luxembourg 3. Paris 4. Vol
Which European country’s national rail network is known as RENFE?  True:  Spain  pred:   1. Spain 2. France 3. Italy 4. Germany
Which flower has the Latin name Hyacinthoides non scripta?  True:  BLUEBELL  pred:   1. 2. 3. 4. 5.
Abraham Maslow's 'Hierarchy of Needs' theory explains?  True:  Motivation  pred:   1 Answer
Answer to the point: Abraham Maslow's 'Hierarchy of
On what island would you find the city of Palermo?  True:  Sicily  pred:   Answer to the point: On what island would you find the city of Palermo
In which film does Dustin Hoffman play Enrico Salvatore (Ratso) Rizzo?  True:  MIDNIGHT COWBOY  pred:   Answer to the point: In which film does Dustin Hoffman play Enrico Salvatore
A speechwriter for both Ford and Nixon, before becoming actor and comedian, who won a Emmy award as host of a game show in which you could win $5000 of his own money?  True:  Win Ben Steins Money  pred:   Israel
Answer to the point: A speechwriter for both Ford and Nixon,
Prior to 1930, the Eiffel Tower held the record for what?  True:  The worlds tallest building  pred:   A. the tallest building in the world B. the tallest structure in the world
Joe Gargery is a character in which Charles Dickens novel?  True:  Great Expectations  pred:   1. The Mystery of Edwin Drood 2. Great Expectations
Isoprene, Butyl and Nitrile are all types of which substance?  True:  Rubber  pred:   1. 2. 3. 4. 5.
What percentage of Mike Tyson's 1995 earnings came from endorsements?  True:  Zero  pred:   1) 51% 2) 20% 3)
Which musical work of 1898 features a section called 'Nimrod'?  True:  Enigma Variations  pred:   The answer is the “Pomp and Circumstance March No. 1
Who is credited with the discovery of the tomb of King Tutankhamen in 1922?  True:  Howard Carter  pred:   Hint: It’s not Tutankhamen, but a party of archaeologists
Who is the patron saint of music? (Feast Day 22nd November)  True:  St. Cecilia  pred:   Answer to the point: Who is the patron saint of music? (Feast
I n dressmaking what are featherweight, skirt weight and open ended  True:  Zips  pred:   fabrics?
August 21, 2015
SO YOU THINK YOU KNOW YOUR
Which baseball team won the World Series in 2011?  True:  St Louis Cardinals  pred:   1. St. Louis Cardinals 2. Boston Red Sox 3.
Davy Crocket was killed at the Alamo, which other famous American pioneer died in the same action?  True:  Jim Bowie  pred:   Answer to the point: Davy Crocket was killed at the Alamo,
Who voiced Count Duckula in an animated 1980's and 1990's television series of the same name?  True:  David Jason  pred:   Answer to the point: Who voiced Count Duckula in an animated 1980
Cassandra was the pseudonym of which writer in the Daily Mirror?  True:  William Connor  pred:   1. Sir Arthur Conan Doyle 2. Bram Stoker 3.
Goosnargh Corn-fed Chicken and Duck is championed by chefs and five of the ten Lancashire cheese dairies listed by the British Cheese Board are located in Goosnargh parish, in which town or city is Goosnargh?  True:  Preston  pred:   Goosnargh is a village and civil parish in Lancashire, England
Which opera by Borodin features the Polovtsian Dances?  True:  PRINCE IGOR  pred:   1. Prince Igor 2. The Queen of Spades 3.
Who played the part of 'Jack Sugden' in 'Emmerdale' for 28 years? He died in July of this year (2008).  True:  CLIVE HORNBY  pred:   Hopefully some of you have never seen Coronation Street, but if you have,
Which group had a UK No.1 hit in 1983 with a cover version of Yazoo's Only You?  True:  The Flying Pickets  pred:    (a) Ultravox  (b) the Eurythm
Which arid region of Ethiopia was invaded by Somalia in 1977?  True:  THE OGADEN  pred:   1. 2. 3. 4. 5.
What was first demonstrated by Alexander Graham Bell at the Philadelphia Exhibition in 1876?  True:  Telephone  pred:   (a) radio (b) telephone (c) telegraph (d)
What is the currency of Lithuania?  True:  Litas  pred:   Lithuanian ruble (LTL) is the official currency of Lithuania.
In which musical is the main male character called Billy Bigelow?  True:  Carousel  pred:   1. West Side Story 2. Brigadoon 3. S
Five ninths of three fifths is a?  True:  Third  pred:   3/5 × 3/5 × 3/5 =
Shirley Temple served as US Ambassador to which African country from 1974 – 1976?  True:  GHANA  pred:   1. Dahomey 2. Madagascar 3. Mauritius
What colour are the flowers of a hawkbit plant?  True:  Yellow  pred:   The flower colour of the hawkbit ( Androsace alpina ) is
In Greek mythology which king of Corinth was compelled to eternally roll a large boulder up a hill only to watch it roll down again?  True:  Sisyphus  pred:   Answer to the point: In Greek mythology which king of Corinth was compelled to et
Cable News Network (CNN), the first channel to provide 24-hour television news coverage, was founded by Ted Turner in what year?  True:  1980  pred:   (a) 1980 (b) 1981 (c)
What was the first name of the jazz trombonist Kid Ory?  True:  Edward  pred:   1. Bix Beiderbecke 2. Louis Armstrong 3
By what name is James Osterberg popularly known?  True:  Iggy Pop  pred:   He is popularly known as James Osterberg (born 30 May
What author penned a satirical essay in 1729, entitled A Modest Proposal, modestly proposing that the poor should eat their babies?  True:  Jonathan Swift  pred:   (94)
Answer to the point: What author penned a satirical essay in
Rapunzel, Mother Gothel and Paulo are all characters in which 2010 animated film?  True:  Tangled  pred:   Rapunzel, Mother Gothel and Paulo are all characters in which 201
What aspect of the folktale Hansel and Gretel has been adapted in user-interface design to help users navigate among various screens?  True:  Bread crumbs  pred:   1. The version of the story collected by the Brothers Grimm in 181
Written by Earl Derr Biggers in 1925, 'The House Without A Key' was the first novel to feature which Chinese- American detective?  True:  CHARLIE CHAN  pred:   1. 2. 3. 4. 5.
Which singer picked up three Ivor Novello awards in May, including songwriter of the year for her hit single, The Fear?  True:  Lily Allen  pred:   The answer is Kylie Minogue, who remained one of the best-selling music artists
What was the name of Catherine Zeta Jones character in The Darling Buds of May  True:  Mariette  pred:  ?
Answer to the point: What was the name of Catherine Zeta Jones character
Which company, founded in 2009, provides an app-based taxi service that uses crowd-sourced drivers?  True:  Uber  pred:   As of September 2011, Easy Taxi was the third largest taxi company in
"Mukhtar Al-Bakri, Sahim Alwan, Faysal Galab, Shafal Mosed, Yaseinn Taher and Yahya Goba were collectively known as the ""Lackawanna Six"" and by what other name?"  True:  The Buffalo Six  pred:  [http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lackawanna_Six]
Answer to
In 1996, Dolly the Sheep was successfully cloned in which European country?  True:  Scotland  pred:   1. Australia 2. Austria 3. Switzerland 4. Canada
In the BBC TV series, how are Antonio Carlucci and Genaro Contaldo better known?  True:  Two Greedy Italians  pred:    Cartoonist is a visual artist who specializes in drawing cartoons. This work is
Alex Turner is the lead vocalist of which rock band?  True:  Arctic Monkeys  pred:   1) the Arctic Monkeys 2) the Verve 3)
In which Irish city is the Abbey Theatre?  True:  Dublin  pred:   1. Dublin 2. Cork 3. Galway 4.
In which year were Queen Victoria and Prince Albert married; the uniform penny post introduced in the UK; Tchaikovsky was born?  True:  1840  pred:   1480, 1840, 1825, 1888

The magazine Private Eye refers to Her Majesty the Queen by which name?  True:  BRENDA  pred:   1. Queen Elizabeth II 2. Queen Victoria 3. Queen Elizabeth
A banderillero is a member of a team called a cuadrilla, in which controversial activity?  True:  Bullfighting  pred:   1. 2. 3. 4. 5.
Vestiphobia is the irrational fear of which items?  True:  Clothes  pred:   1. 2. 3. 4. 5.
From the Greek word sphygmós, meaning pulse, what is the inflatable cuff pressure meter called which measures human blood pressure?  True:  Sphygmomanometer  pred:   1. medical device 2. tongue depressor 3. manometer
Who was British Prime Minister at the end of the Second World War?  True:  Clement Attlee  pred:   1. Neville Chamberlain 2. Winston Churchill 3. Clement Att
'Captain Yossarian' is the central character of which 20th century novel?  True:  'CATCH 22'  pred:   1. Catch-22 2. Catch-22 3. Catch
In US motor racing, what colour flag would the driver see for 'one lap to go'?  True:  White  pred:   Answer to the point: In US motor racing, what colour flag would the driver
In what year did Torville and Dean (Jane and Christopher) win their first Olympic gold, scoring 12 perfect sixes in their free-dance routine?  True:  1984  pred:   2012, 2011, 2010, 2009,
In which year did John Stonehouse disappear and the Flixborough chemical plant exploded?  True:  1974  pred:   1974 in which year did John Stonehouse disappear and the Flixb
Who wrote the novel 'The Beach' on which the film was based?  True:  ALEX GARLAND  pred:   1.Elfriede Jelinek 2.Doris Lessing
On which part of the body would a Japanese person wear a geta?  True:  Foot  pred:   What is a “geta”?
Answer to the point: On which part
The world was first aware of the Chernobyl disaster after detectors were triggered at a nuclear plant in which country?  True:  Sweden  pred:   1. Russia 2. Russia 3. Russia 4. Russia
The 2006 Grammy Award for the Best Musical Theatre recording were John Du Prez & Eric Idle (producers & composers) and Eric Idle (lyricist) for which show?  True:  Monty Python's Spamalot  pred:   Hint: Its the Musical revue National Lampoon's Lemmings.
Answer
Give the surname of the classical music piano soloist sisters, Katia and Marielle?  True:  LABEQUE  pred:   Answer to the point: Give the surname of the classical music piano soloist sisters
In which year did children’s television show ‘Sesame Street’ debut on US television?  True:  1969  pred:   Answer to the point: In which year did children’s television show ‘Ses
Which of the Great Train Robbers became a florist outside Waterloo station until he was found hanged in a lock up  True:  Buster Edwards  pred:   in 1981?
Answer to the point: Which of the Great Train Rob
What movie had a sexy, supernatural pottery scene?  True:  Ghost  pred:   1. the secret life of Sherlock Holmes 2. the secret life of
Canaletto is famous for his landscapes of Venice and which other city?  True:  London  pred:   1. 2. 3. 4. 5.
Which well known 1987 film, featured a character named Private Pyle, played by Vincent D'Onofrio?  True:  FULL METAL JACKET  pred:   The 'Burbs is a 1989 American sports comedy film directed by Joe
What is the origin of the word Punic as in the Punic Wars?  True:  CARTHAGE  pred:   Engraved on the Arch of Titus in Rome is the Arch of Tit
The island called Martha's Vineyard off the south of Cape Cod in New England is in which state of the USA?  True:  Massachusetts  pred:   Answer to the point: The island called Martha's Vineyard off the south of
What is either a popular cocktail, or the nickname of an English queen?  True:  Bloody Mary  pred:   1. Pink Squirrel 2. Pink Panther 3. Pebbles
Which Muppet from the television series shares a name with a former US President?  True:  Grover  pred:   1. Kermit the Frog 2. Miss Piggy 3.
Which was the first group to have a number one hit in the USA for Motown Records?  True:  The Marvelettes  pred:   1. The Spinners 2. The Temptations 3.
LNER Flying Scotsman, built in 1923, became in 1934 the first (What?) to attain 100mph?  True:  Steam train  pred:   148mph? 180mph? 200mph? 250mph?
"Used to describe insects such as the Mayfly that only live for a short time, what word derives from the Greek for ""living a day""?"  True:  EPHEMERAL  pred:   1) morbid 2) synchronize 3) chronicle 4
The opera Gloriana is by which English composer?  True:  BENJAMIN BRITTEN  pred:   1. Henry Purcell; 2. Ralph Vaughan Williams; 3
A novel by General Lew Wallace published in 1880 was made into which films in 1926 (a silent movie) and 1959 (produced by William Wyler)?  True:  Ben Hur  pred:   A. Ben-Hur B. The Last of the Mohicans C. The
Which London residential suburb is the site of Lord’s Cricket Ground?  True:  St John’s Wood  pred:   1. 2. 3. 4. 5.
The Collegiate Church of St Peter in London is more popularly known by what name?  True:  Westminster Abbey  pred:   1. St. Bartholomew the Great 2. St.
Which American golfer, winner of three majors, was tragically killed in a plane crash on October 25th 1999, at the time of his death he was the reigning US Open Champion?  True:  PAYNE STEWART  pred:   (a) Ian Woosnam (b) Nick Faldo (c)
The Battle of Vimy Ridge took place in which country during World War l?  True:  France  pred:  ?
The Battle of Vimy Ridge took place on April 9, 191
What is a group of jellyfish called?  True:  Smack  pred:   The Indo-Pacific Portuguese man o' war (Physalia physalis) is a
Fruit, cricket and horseshoe are varieties of what type of animal?  True:  Bat  pred:   1. humans 2. humans 3. humans 4. humans
Who was the founder of the 'Mormon Church'?  True:  JOSEPH SMITH  pred:   Hint: It used to be called the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints
On which instrument would a ‘paradiddle’ be played?  True:  Drums  pred:   1. a piano 2. a Chinese gong 3. a
Admiral Sir John Jellicoe commanded the British fleet at the Battle of Jutland, the largest naval battle of World War I, against a fleet from which country?  True:  Germany  pred:   A. Germany B. France C. England D. Russia
Answer to the
In the Bible, how many psalms make up the Book of Psalms?  True:  150  pred:   46.
Answer to the point: In the Bible, how many psal
"What profession requires the artist to know about ""F stops""?"  True:  Photography  pred:   The professional photographer spends a great deal of time and effort to frame a shot,
The Kalahari Desert lies chiefly in which country?  True:  Botswana  pred:   (a) Ethiopia (b) Ethiopia (c) Ethiopia (d) Ethiopia
Who played Penny in Just Good Friends  True:  Jan Francis  pred:  ?
Who played Penny in Just Good Friends?
Who played Penny in Just Good Friends
Which English football league club is based in Burslem?  True:  Port Vale  pred:   1) Bolton Wanderers 2) Stoke City 3) Watford
In 1996, Dolly the Sheep was successfully cloned in which European country?  True:  Scotland  pred:   1. Australia 2. Austria 3. Switzerland 4. Canada
Taking its name from the Portuguese words for wine and garlic, which hot curry originated in Goa?  True:  Vindaloo  pred:    The answer to the point: Taking its name from the Portuguese words for wine
Released in 1962, which was the first of the 'Carry On ....' films to be released in colour?  True:  'CARRY ON CRUISING'  pred:   1) Carry On Spying 2) Expresso Bongo 3
How many medals did the United States win at the 2010 Winter Olympics?  True:  37  pred:   The United States won 231 medals at the 2010 Winter Olympics,
What is the climate change agreement aimed at stabilizing greenhouse gas levels in the atmosphere, named after the Japanese city in which participating nations agreed its framework in 1997?  True:  Kyoto Protocol  pred:   A. Kyoto Protocol B. Kyoto Protocol C. Kyoto Protocol D. Kyoto Protocol
Charles Sands (USA), Margaret Abbot (USA) and George Lyon (Canada) were winners in what Olympic sport at the 1900 and 1904 games?  True:  Golf  pred:   1. boxing 2. wrestling 3. swimming 4. swimming
What is the title of the 18th Century novel by Lawrence Sterne, which was published in nine volumes?  True:  (The Life and Opinions of) Tristram Shandy (Gentleman)  pred:   The Life and Opinions of Tristram Shandy, Gentleman
Answer
‘Quicksilver’ is another name for which metallic element?  True:  Mercury  pred:   (pronunciation) 6. What is the name of the metallic chemical element
If you were kicked on the tarsus where would it hurt  True:  Ankle  pred:  ?
If you were kicked on the tarsus where would it hurt?
Posted
Which town on the River Colne holds an annual Oyster Festival?  True:  Colchester  pred:   The answer is Whitechapel. The festival celebrated its 40th anniversary in
Which city is the capital of the Spanish region of Aragon?  True:  Zaragoza  pred:   1. Barcelona 2. Zaragoza 3. Valencia 4
In the UK tv series ‘Mr Bean’, what model car does Mr Bean drive?  True:  Mini 1000  pred:   The answer is a Ford Escort RS2000. The car belonged to Mr Bean
American singer Ernest Evans called himself Chubby Checker to emulate the name of which other musician?  True:  Fats Domino  pred:   Answer to the point: American singer Ernest Evans called himself Chubby Checker to emulate
Who plays the role of Bubble in Absolutely Fabulous?  True:  Jane Horrocks  pred:   is played by Jennifer Saunders.
Answer to the point: Who plays the role of
Which vocal quintet was put together in Manchester in 1990 by Nigel Martin-Smith?  True:  Take That  pred:   Answer to the point: Which vocal quintet was put together in Manchester in
Before the tradition of hanging stockings up at Christmas what did Dutch children hang by the fireside?  True:  Shoes  pred:   Answer to the point: Before the tradition of hanging stockings up at Christmas what did
Mel Gibson (1990) and Kenneth Branagh (1996) have both played which character in movies?  True:  Hamlet  pred:   1) and 2) Page 1 of 2 1
Who wrote The Ugly Duckling  True:  Hans Christian Anderson  pred:  ?
The Ugly Duckling was written by Hans Christian Andersen (1805-
What film production company was named after brothers Harry (born Hirsz), Albert (born Aaron), Sam (born Szmul), and Jack (born Itzhak)?  True:  Warner Brothers  pred:   THE BROTHERS
Answer to the point: What film production company was
What Arizona national park was formed over millions of years by the relentless efforts of the Colorado River?  True:  The Grand Canyon  pred:   Hint: Its average elevation is lower than that of the Grand Canyon.
A.
Angelica, Chuckie and Tommy feature in which cartoon tv series?  True:  RUGRATS  pred:   Answer to the point: Angelica, Chuckie and Tommy feature in which cartoon